Do not mandate a Covid vaccine for children as young as 5 years old. With time we the people will choose to vaccinate our families when we see data and evidence that supports the safety, validity, and long term success of the Covid vaccine. It is still too early in the process for we the people to agree with this required vaccine.
Children are least infected and at risk of COVID-19. vaccination is not needed and is actually more risk of harm from the vaccine than the actual COVID-19 virus. The numbers from cdc and VAERS supports this information as well. Do the right thing and do not vaccinate our children
I believe this is absolutely dangerous opening up a vaccine to trial on children that are not even high risk of catching or transmitting covid. 
I strongly oppose vaccine mandates for children 5-12. 
I am against this government OVERREACH into our lives. This is America, not communist Russia. Stop the madness.
No vaccines for children or anyone else should ever be a mandate. Which by the way a mandate is NOT a law.
— I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
Greetings: I believe that parents should have the final say in whether to vaccinate young children with such a new vaccine that does not have an outcome as to its long-term effects. Originally, it was reported that young children were exempt, so what happened to change that?
This is horrible what you are doing when there is other alternative medicine that works. Stop this madness ASAP
Stay away from our kids!! Politicians about to start a fucking war!!! There will be blood!!!
Please Do not vaccinate children! They are vulnerable. Parents should make that decision Thank you
MRNA technology has proven to be harmful, even deadly for adult and teen consumption. Please do not consider or carry out plans to innoculate our children with this cocktail of deadly poison. That would be unconscionable. 
You people are sick,sick,sick! Stay the hell away from our kids! Cant wait till you all go down for crimes against humanity! Remember God Wins!
It is unethical and morally wrong to give the experimental drug to the children. Statistically they are in no harm from cv19. Stop the push, stop the coercion. 
Statistically, children have a greater chance of having a severe Covid vaccine reaction than having a severe case of Covid.Please hear me. One child who is profoundly injured or dies from a Covid vaccine is one child too many.
Covid 19 vaccine should NOT be mandated for children 5-12 or anyone for that matter 
I think this is absolutely ridiculous as vaccinations have proven not to slow down, stop or prevent Covid. Why such the huge push? 
Insane, what’s happened to humanity, this will not go well. This is not ok. 
No child should risk injury with a treatment for a disease that likely wouldn't injure them. Anybody putting their name to such a practice should be held accountable for all damage that occurs as a result.
I am strongly opposed to mandating any COVID-19 vaccine to children. The science shows there is statistically no risk of harm to children contracting this virus. The studies show there is a much more significant risk of serious injury including death due to potential side effects of these vaccines. Do not use innocent children as pawns. 
I find it unconscionable to even consider approving a vaccine for children to combat an illness, covid-19, which poses almost no threat to children. As you know more children die each year from the flu than have died from covid-19. Please do not approve this vaccine for children.
I am opposed to vaccination of children! This vaccine is under EUA and has not been through clinical trials to prove it is safe! It is experimental!!!
Please I pray, if you have a conscience, DO NOT give this vaccine approval for our children!! It will kill and has no good benefits. May God Bless and keep our children safe and healthy. Prayers to help us All.
Our children should not be forced to get an experimental vaccination! We the parents should be able to make that decision instead of being forced by the State or Federal government telling us they have to be vaccinated!
Please no. The vaccine has not gone through the normal regulatory and testing processes that most all vaccines to come before it have. In fact, clinical trials for the Pfizer vaccine are not even scheduled for completion until May of 2023 -- nearly two years from now!
Informed Consent is a right! We will not stand for forced medical procedures on We the People. We will not allow the government to force us to purchase this controversial gene therapy product from. Their chosen lobbying corporations. This is a crime against civil rights.
Do not allow children to be vaccinated without the consent of their parents. This vaccine has not been tested and has been shown to show a lot of deaths an adverse reactions according to the CDC website
Please do not do this to our children. Stop being evil. 
This is not safe for human consumption at all and you know it. Will you really be able to sleep at night if you approve it?
As a mother I am strongly against young children being given the covid-19 vaccine. Would I risk giving it to my healthy child. No way. Maybe more time should be spent focusing on informing the public on the benefits of healthy eating, which builds a strong immune system. 
No vaccine for C19 for kids-the data does not support it
I do not and will not comply with a vaccine for my child. It is a sickness and he needs to go to school and build antibodies himself. He doesn’t need a thrown together vaccine or the government mandating it. 
Do NOT approve a covid-19 vaccine for children under 12! Be responsible and do proper, extended laboratory trials. It is too early to know if these present vaccines for 12 and over are safe. VAERS injury reports have skyrocketed this year. Stop this insanity now! 
Please do not recommend or require children under the age of 18 or ages 5-11 be vaccinated for covid 19.
Please do not vaccinate our children, ages 5-11, their own immune system will fight off the virus, these children are our future!!! The horrific risks you are taking are in your hands (FDA & all US Government) all for the sake of money, I don't know how any of you sleep at night!!
Please DO NOT MANDATE children, or anyone for that matter to take the Covid -vaccine. It is a personal choice, and especially for an underdeveloped child. Please respect our bodies, and our choice especially since there is no scientific evidence of the long term effects from the vaccine. Thank you for your time. 
We The People demand you retract your mandates for vaccines for young children. This is dangerous and unconstitutional.
Since the FDA hasn’t even approved vitamins yet, clearly an experimental vaccine for a virus barely effecting this age group would be inappropriate. The benefit does not outweigh the risk.
As long as we don’t Know the Long Term effects of the covid vaccine, ( 2,5,10 years from now) it is absolutely irresponsible to force these pharmaceuticals on our children. We as parents are the sole responsible party for our children, it is inconceivable to me that this Government is planning to override this freedom. 
I do not support the vaccine manadates! Our bodies and we decide what goes in them. 
By mandating vaccination of children 5-11 you will be committing genocide. Children are the least prone to covid with a 100 % chance of survival if they do get it. Please know God sees all and knows all. There will be no mercy on your soul if you harm even one hair of that of one of his children. 
Kids have been proven to be at little to no risk of covid 19, my own child had it and was less sick with covid than she was with pneumonia 2 yrs ago. Giving our children experimental shot that we do not know long term reprocussions of is not only dangerous but negligence. Do not approve these for our kids ever!!
I am totally against covid vaccinations for 5 to 11 years olds.....unconscionable 
This age group has a very small risk of severe side effects to covid and we dont know the long term effects of the vaccine. 
The Covid vaccine is the mark of the beast, and if you do not repent of this wrongdoing, all your souls are forfeit. Jesus Christ is Lord above all, and you must accept Him as your Lord and Savior. Seek forgiveness and it will be granted to you. Refuse it, and you will NOT be shown any mercy. 
This is a terrible idea. You have to know something is wrong. You will be haunted all your days if you cause harm to these children. Leave them alone! They are not at risk. Any culture that sacrifices kids to protect adults is doomed. 
Children do NOT need this shot that's clearly giving everyone health issues, and kids have a natural immune system to begin with because they are outside playing and doing what kids do! NO SHOT! If they get this virus, it'll be so mild they won't know they have it till they get tested, and will be over it in a few days, just like any other, and life goes on, with antibodies forever.
Please do not approve these vaccines for these young children. Many FDA panelists have expressed great concerns for these vaccines and the benefits simply do not outweigh the risks for these young people.Please look at the science and not the politics and do the right thing to save these children from an experimental drug that is already showing terrible effects on young people, as well as others.
Please Please Please for the Love of the Good Lord think about what you are doing to the children. This jab is pure evil.
Stop the mandate! I am against children 5-12 being forced to get the Covid 19 vaccine!
I’m TOTALLY AGAINST KIDS ESPECIALLY 5-12 getting the covid vaccine !!!It isn’t necessary, they aren’t getting sick!It could cause all kinds of problems for them now and in the future!!!!!!DO MOT DO THIS!IT ISNT EVEN FDA APPROVED!!!!! 
I do not support this proposition, my child's health and vaccination is my responsibility and not the governments to decide!
When you deliberate the Covid-19 vaccine for children, please consider that this is not a childhood disease. Vaccinations are important and have they’re place, but it is not here. A brand new vaccine for children would voluntarily welcome side effects for a group that is overwhelmingly unaffected by the Covid-19 virus. Please do not test or mandate this vaccine for children.
This comment is to express my opposition to having a vaccine mandate to children 5 and up. The trials for the vaccines won’t be completed until 2023. Children are not at risk of serious illness from covid and more are risks of serious adverse events from the vaccine. Who will be responsible when children develop myocardial ischemia from the vaccine? 
Do not approve this for our children! They are not affected by Covid and they have a 99.5% recovery rate. You have no idea what long term effects this will do to them. God have mercy on your soul if you do this. 
I strongly oppose any and all mandates for children vaccinations in regards to covid. This is wildly an overreach. 
I oppose approval of the Pfizer COVID -19 vaccine for children ages 5-11. • The vaccine has not passed full regulatory and testing processes. • Ages 5-11 are a low risk cohort.• Side effects and adverse reactions may be worse than the disease in this age group. 
Stop masking kids and do not mandate Covid vaccines for them. There is no proven benefit to children who are at very low risk of getting COVID but there are adverse events from the vaccine that are real and we’ll documented. Do not mess around with our kids’ long term health, do not mandate vaccines for kids.
Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds. Why are we mandating vaccines for something that has an outstanding survival rate? Also, this vaccine doesn’t do much - you can still get sick, you can still spread the virus and you can still die from Covid. We don’t need a Nanny Goverment. 
The risk of a severe adverse reaction to this vaccine greatly outweighs any benefit it might have on anyone, let alone children. The utter lack of any long term study on possible long term side effects makes even the consideration of injecting children with any amount of this “vaccine” utterly unacceptable, 
Vaccines & medical choices of any kind are to be choices of the parents, not the government. This is a complete overreach. I am responsible for my child, not the government. Also, there’s no way this vaccine has had enough time + testing. 
This is insane, kids aren’t even affected by COVID, stop kids are sacred, nobody needs this, natural immunity is always better. No vaccines for kids 
Say no to COVID-19 vaccine for child.. The chance of children get covid is so small. There is no need to vaccinate them. Why take a high in harming a child. Please stop this mandate now.
No to vaccine mandates. Personal choice. This is America!
Please stop this madness from affecting our children. The public knows children are not at risk from COVID-19. And we know the so called vaccine does not prevent spread. Even one child injured from this is unacceptable. Protect our children do not let greed hurt out kids like it is our teenagers. 
Do NOT attempt to push poisoning my children with your "vaccine". And yes the quotations do imply sarcasm as your "vaccine" provides no protection from covid. Just STOP.
No, absolutely not! Enough of this mandate madness, you folks have lost all perspective!
Stop this madness...are you all getting kickbacks or are you all brainwashed...leave the children alone.its bad enough that people are sick from side effects and dying from the vacinne....this is absolute tyranny....are you government officials really gonna be able to live with yourselves.....
This should not be approved for emergency use in children. There should be at least 10 years of studies on the effects of this and children. To date no vaccine has ever been pushed this hard, in children for for virus that barely affects them. 
This should be a choice. Just as every other vaccine is. Parents should have the right tonchoosebb
Since children between 5 &12 have a 99.97 percent survival rate if they contract COVID we are certainly putting them more at risk from things like myocarditis and other problems. Are we as a country really going to put our children in this danger? We should not be giving emergency use authorization for these vaccines for children. 
My children are not yours to experiment on. My children, and myself have the right to make our own medical decisions. We do not belong to the government and the government does have the right to tell any of us what to do with our God given bodies.
Do not vaccinate children of any age.They dont need an life altering experiment 
I do not believe the Covid 19 vaccine should be made avaiable for children. The data and research is not there. Our kids are not experiments. 
I Do Not agree with vaccinating children or anyone under 18. This is illegal, immoral and we will make each and everyone who supports this answer for crimes against humanity. This is your chance to do what’s right. Do not support harming children. 
Thes vaccines have not been tested sufficiently to prove they are safe for anyone, let alone children 5-11. It would be criminal to inject children that young with this unsafe, unnecessary “vaccine”. Please JUST SAY NO!!
I am opposed to covid vaccinating children. I am 64 and a law school graduate. What corruption has been going on! What damage are the covid measures have done! And the deception- unbelievable! Maybe you are being threatened. Maybe somebody you live is being threatened. And of course, there’s always the green, the Benjamin’s, the $$$$. 
I am opposed to these untested gene therapy’s for children
Please don't allow them to inject these poison shots into our children. There is no real data to support it. They are not at risk to get covid or transmit it it. The adverse reactions they could experience are far more detrimental to their health than covid ever could be. 
Children are at very little risk from Covid. They face a higher risk from known problems with the "vaccines."DON'T give them to our children.
No one should be mandated to get the vaccine. Theese vaccines are using people like they did in the war,no one is safe with this vaccine, vaccinated people are still getting sick,and having heart failure antibiotics are not working on vaccinated people..
There is no medical evidence that shows the children need those vaccines. It does show there is inherent risk to the child with the vaccine.
I am in no way ok with this vaccine being given to my children under the age of 12. 
How can you possibly approve a vaccine for kids that hasn't undergone extensive testing. You have no idea what the long term effects it might have on kids that young. Why would you even attempt to get this passed? It is morally wrong.
No mandated covid vaccine for children, there has not been enough time to study the effects on children. 
I vote against the government mandate on children being vaccinated with the vaccine against COVID-19. By the constitution you have no right to force these vaccines on adults now you are trying to force children to take them. It is against our rights. 
Children aged 5-12 are not at high risk for catching or dying from Covid. They do not need this vaccine. It has not been studied sufficiently for this age group.
Please please please, we are begging you to NOT approve or mandate the vaccinations for children. All of the reports and statistics we've read strongly show the the risks far surpass the benefits, especially in teens and youth. Please do not do this to our children. Please, there has to be someone in power who has honest and pure intentions. We need you now more than ever. Be our voice. 
To Federal Regulators, Please do more robust research on if children need this. We know covid doesn't present much risk to children and no intervention is risk free. This feels rushed, especially for my five year old who has COVID antibodies. Please follow what use to be standard protocol with kids vaccinations. 
Please don't do trails on our children. We are still in the experiment phase.
You, the regulators, know exactly what you are doing if you approve this injection for children. You WILL be held responsible for the outcomes. You will be put on trial for Nuremberg Code violations and profound violations of medical ethics. Make the correct decision. This vaccine is very dangerous and you know it. We will have no mercy.
My kids have been playing with other kids outside and inside since then beginning of the pandemic. They’ve have colds and fevers and took Tylenol and went to the doctor. They have had covid tests. If the school requires vaccination, I will be taking them out of public schooling. And I know that most parents will do the same! The schools will be empty and people will move!
No these children are to young and there is not enough long term research
I am opposed to vaccinating my children!!! This should be a CHOICE for parents to make. Why is this being pushed down our throats!!!??
On October 26, the FDA will have an internal meeting to decide on mandatory Pfizer vaccinations for all children in America, ages 5-11. I am opposed to this in every way in the strongest way possible. We must keep our children safe. These vaccines are NOT the solution. And they don't require protection from the corona virus, because they very rarely contract it. Thank you!
I think it is dangerous to give children or anyone, the experimental vaccine that has side effects . 
am against vaccinating our children. There is no need for it. Statistically, less children die from Covid than what will be injured from the shot. Our children are more immune having an immune system greater than that of adults. This is not about the health of our children. 
Kids should not be mandated to be vaccinated for covid. 
Please don't let the FDA force Covid vaccinations on children 5-11 years old. Their risk from Covid is basically zero. They don't need a Covid vaccine when their immune systems will protect them perfectly. And there are potential side effects of the vaccine that could harm children far worse than any virus. 
I strongly oppose the Covid vaccine being mandated for children. 
There is NO need for kids to be vaccinated as they don’t need any protection it’s just a cold for them! Stop with this nonsense!
I am very strongly opposed to mandatory covid-19 vaccinations of minor children it would be an over reach of Federal Government, and you cannot compare this to other diseases such as polio or small pox. 
It is clear that the risks from taking the covid vaccination far out weigh the almost nonexistent risk from Sars Cov-2 infection in children. Please do no harm to our children, do not approve this injection for our young.
Children are it zero risk from COVID-19, mandating that they receive this is not only dangerous, but criminal. This is a big “NO” from me. DO NOT TOUCH OUR KIDS!!!
Children don’t need these covid19 vaccines. Im seeing many young adults developing myocarditis and autoimmune diseases. I will not vaccinate my child even though I’m vaccinated. Too many risks when children have shown almost no symptoms when sick
I wrote I do not consent to putting my child in an experimentalTrial. And data doesn’t support pediatric vaccine as there has not been enough lengthy tests to know the long term affects .
Vaccine killed lots of people already. Do not use it on children. It is murderous act.
Vaccines should be a parents choice for their child. I stand firmly against any and all vaccine mandates, especially for children. 
It is way too soon to be administering mRNA treatments to children for a virus that has almost 100% survivability for ages 5-11 while we have only a years worth of safety data. The risk of ill-effects is far greater from the “vaccine” than from the actual virus itself.
Children are at zero risk from Covid-19. If given a vaccine they face risks of side effects. Logically the only safe option is NO COVID-19 VACCINE FOR CHILDREN.
There is no evidence supporting a need to mandate this vaccine for children. There are more deaths reported by the cdc for children from the flu for 2018/19 than for Covid since the "pandemic" began!!!! The side effects on VAERS for children are much more damaging than the kids just building natural immunity.
Please respect the parents choice to CHOOSE if we want to vaccinate our children with all vaccines but especially COVID-19 vaccine. We will fight for our right as parents and for our children. 
Children being statistically at almost zero risk for severe Covid infection but being given this vaccine is dangerous and insane.
This vaccine should not be mandated for children 5 to 12 years old. I’ve been in the pharmaceutical industry for 30 years. This is unconstitutional and children should not be forced to take an experimental vaccination.
This is absolutely insanity that you are considering mandating this vaccine for children. Children have 100% survival rate. How dare you. Do not touch our children and leave them alone. This should be voluntary. 
I am strongly against the vaccine mandate for 5-11 year olds. There is no long term evidence of how the vaccine may effect kids in the future. 
I'm the mom and I call the shots. The government has no business mandating something that should be a private medical choice. 
My body my choice!! In no way does the government have the right to force children to get the COVID 19 vaccine. Its such an over reach on our freedoms and Americans are not going to go along with these tyrannical measures. Do not pass the mandate to vaccinate our children. 
The Nuremberg Code protects people from experimental medicine. The approved vaccine is not available, only the experimental one is available. Requiring people to get vaccinated with what is available, when only the experimental vaccines are available, violates the Nuremberg Code.
Bodily autonomy is everyone’s right and extremely important. everyone should have the right to choose whether or not they want to have a vaccine. It should not be mandated for any profession or for children at any level of education as it violates their rights.
Parents should have the final say concerning the health and well being of their children, not the government. Let me make the decisions for my family. There should be no mandate to force children to receive this vaccine.
Children should not be forced to take the vaccination. It should be their caretakers decision.
Absolutely should NOT mandate this vaccine for anyone, children or adults, it should be totally by choice!
Do not mandate vaxing our children or anyone! Uphold the constitution. 
Do not approve this dangerous vaccine for kids. You will harm more kids with Myocarditis than save. Once the heart is damaged it cannot be healed. Think of how many kids can be damaged for life with a vaccine for a virus that has 99.98 percent survival rate in kids! I will never allow my kids to take this vaccine! 
Children should not be vaxed. This is very important. We will not allow our children to be vaxed with this experimental injectioh.
Survivability of Covid 19 for 0-19 years old is 99%. There is NO reason to mandate this vaccine for anyone, especially not children who could face long-term health complications due to being used as guinea pigs for this MRNA vaccine. 
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines.
I am against the covid-19 vaccine for our children. Children are at an extremely low risk rate. We the people will not allow this and will stand for the freedom for our children, and the future of our children. 
Trying to mandate a drug still in trial. AKA experimental is absolutely criminal. God is watching. Killing and maiming children will not go unnoticed by parent's either. 
We do not consent to any vaccine mandates. Public servants serve we the people, not the other way around!
We will not accept laws for vaccinating our children. I implore you! Do not make this a law!
I beg you not to give the Covid vaccine to children please please do not mandate 
Where there is risk, there must also be choice! No vaccine mandate! 
I am very concerned about the COVID-19 vaccine to be administered to kids ages 5-11. Please DO NOT APPROVE it for this age group!!! In my personal opinion, the risk for side effects and long-term health effects outweigh the benefit!
Absolutely NO to mandatory GENE THERAPY commonly called vaccination for covid for anyone especially children. 
It is against our constitutional right to force an individual to take a vaccine or loose their livelihood.
I do not believe this vaccine should be approved or FORCED on ANYONE especially our CHILDREN! There is too much that is unknown, lied about, or used as propaganda to further other agendas that have nothing g to do with the safety of Americans and their children..do not approve this.
Mandating this vaccine for children this age is outrageous. These are babies! This is an experimental drug really. There simply isn’t enough evidence or research done yet to make is kind of dangerous mandate. Children run a very low risk of getting COVID and if they do they can recover This has to stop. Our children deserve to have us protect them. 
Please stop with the injection of this concoction. Many are being harmed from it and it is not preventing people from getting ill. Please do not bring this upon the children as they are not at risk from this virus. STOP this madness.
People should be free to choose what is put into their bodies. There need to be more studies on long-term effects before any type of mandate especially for children.
Current Reports C-19 Vaccine Adverse Reactions: 1681 for age 2-11 yrs34,986 for age 12-17 yrs (increase of 817 in 2 days!!)WHO's http://vigiaccess.org 23,681 for age 12-17 yrs CDC's https://openvaers.com/openvaers When do you reach enough adverse reactions to recall a product for serious harm and injury??
This should NEVER EVER be approved for children!!! It’s genocide!! You think you can jab our babies - think again!!! Nuremberg Code - I suggest you research it before you’re held accountable for hurting our children!! I know 12 otherwise healthy adults who DIED from your jabs and I am only 1 person!! This needs to STOP!!!!!
Considering the absolute minimal chance of harm to children from the virus & the very real chance of harm thru an Adverse Event, furthermore, there are extremely effective prophylactic treatments & cures, it is Absolute Insanity to jab children.
There is no chance my healthy kids will take this injection. 
There's no pandemic in younger age groups. No benefits to them but extremely high risks. No basis for EUA either. October 24, 2021 https://openvaers.com/covid-data VAERS COVID VaccineAdverse Event Reports Reports from the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System. Our default data reflects all VAERS data including the "nondomestic" reports 818,042 Reports Through October 15, 2021 
I am writing in opposition of these mandates. They are not proven to be safe and there are far too many reported cases of vaccine injury and death already. This virus does not even affect children in a way that would leave us in need of vaccinating them from covid. Keep our children safe by NOT GIVING THEM COVID VACCINES! 
It’s ridiculous to mandate vaccines on anyone. If they work, people will use them. I’m totally against mandates. 
Risks outweigh potential benefits for children to be vaccinated against covid 19. We do not have the long term data necessary to even begin to consider something like this. The entire pediatric cdc schedule will be destroyed if you do this as everyone who still believes in you will have their faith diminished as their children’s friends drop dead. 
Please do not approve vaccines for children the transmission rate is low and the risks out way the benefits.
I firmly am against any mandate to require vaccinations in any children or adults. There are those in this Government who are over stepping moral bounds. Their opinion does not match many in the public. 
There is no need for this age group to be vaccinated given1. Low severity of covid in age group.2. Side effect profile of vaccine, particularly myocarditis3.lack of efficacy of vaccine to prevent infection and spread of covid.This should be studied at least a few more years before use in children. Robert drewett, pharm. D. 
Stop the vaccination mandates especially for children and those with immunities 
Injecting our low risk children with an experimental injection is appalling. Crimes against humanity trials are coming. https://www.eastonspectator.com/2021/09/18/mandatory-mrna-vaccine-mandate-for-alberta-physicians-by-eric-t-payne-md-mph-frcpc/?fbclid=IwAR2SxsvEt0iZk2DdpxYSP2XM5uN1EaDu_9ucGLkJaXjt_SmvMWfOiIUNFs8
The data shows children are an extremely low risk of of getting or spreading Covid. There are no long term studies on the effects this will have on the general population let alone children. The government has no right forcing medical treatment on anyone. The side effects of this shot are more of a risk than acquiring natural immunity in children. This needs to stop now.
I am strongly against vaccinating school children ages 5-19 against Sars-cov-2 with an experimental substance. The risk of most children being hospitalized or dying of covid is so low, that it's absurd to consider exposing them to known and unknown risks of this experimental substance.
The government or FDA has no right to mandate a vaccine for children. This should be left up to the children’s doctor and parents. If they already have the Covid antibodies, then that could do more harm than good.
The actual and potential risks of all COVID19 vaccines far outweigh the benefits for children for whom COVID19 poses very little risk. Natural immunity is the safer option for children.
I feel it is dangerous and unjustified to vaccinate children for COVID. The death rate is minuscule - so what is the reason ? So they don’t give it to others ? That rationale is unconscionable- to risk kids lives ??? There has not been enough research and testing of this shot on kids. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
This Covid vaccine should be the choice of the parents. It has not been around long enough to know all the side effects that’ll be exposed years from now. Leave our children alone. They are our future!
There are no adequate long-term safety studies of mRNA covid vaccines because the placebo group was “unblinded” and allowed to get the vaccine. This is NOT a FDA approved vaccine they are looking to give children, the FDA would potentially be expanding the Emergency Use Authorization to include children as young as five. In other words, any mandate for children is of an experimental drug.
This vaccine should be a choice of the parents under the god given rights stated in Constitution of the USA
The thought of giving young children a vaccine for a virus that will not make them ill is ridiculous. Well over 99% of children will not be seriously ill from Covid. Many more will have hurtful side effects from the vaccine. We’ve already seen this to be true with young adults. This vaccine should not be given to children. 
I really hope you take a good hard look at the data and realize that you don't need to put our children through this. A virus with a 99.997% survival rate vs. A new vaccine with zero data on long term effects and hundreds of thousands vaccine injury reports on it within the first year of being on the market. Our children will not be sacrificed to Big Pharma. Make the right decision. 
I will never allow my children to take part in this bio-weapon program to inject a Chinese source, computer generated pathogen into the global population under the guise of a pandemic.
I have been in the health care field 37 years and had the chance to observe trends and practices. This current trend is a development that completely negates natural immunity and has at its goal to alter the human genome. It is immoral, unethical and anti-human to continue with this practice. This push to further damage our children with chemicals and bioorganisms and gene therapy needs to stop.
Children are 99.99% secure in not succumbing to Covid. Under 400 deaths have occurred in children during the entire pandemic and they had 4-5 comorbidities. Children should not take or be forced to take an experimental vaccine. It is unconscionable. It is a travesty and absolutely horrific that children under 18 have already been given this vaccine. Please think… Stop this madness!
Please do not insist that children have this shot. They have already been through enough in their lives due to school shut downs. I am concerned about the side effects for them. Have seen after shot hospitalization of 3 friends. Children should not be subjected to this. It should be the parents decision not anyone else’s.
I do not think there has been nearly enough studies for anyone to demand that our young children be injected with a drug that the long term impacts are still very much unknown. The COVID rates are on a downward trend. There’s absolutely no reason for it. You can also still get COVID and STILL have symptoms even after receiving the vaccine. It doesn’t actually prevent anything. 
Covid does not affect children negatively, nor do they spread it to others. Vote NO to covid vaccines for kids.
It is ridiculous to approve a vaccine for children. I will not to consent to my children receiving this. We are seeing enough harmful side affects in adults, imagine what impact it will have on the developing body and mind. 
Do not authorize this injection for children. 0.0007% fatality rate across all kids in America under 18 is no ground for authorizing! 
Mandating vaccinations is an ethical and the head leaders of the government and the FDA should be tried for crimes against humanity.
No mandate for children to have to be vaccinated. We need long-term data on these vaccines before we use them on children 5-12. We should still be saying NO vaccines to children 12 and under!
I vehemently oppose mandating any child be required to take the Covid 19 vaccine. This is absolute madness. Please reject moving forward on this.
According to the actual science and the VAERS website, I believe it would be too much of a risk to give the vaccine to young children. Their death rate is extremely low and it would be criminal to risk ruining their natural defenses by a gene therapy.
I am fully vaccinated, however I will NOT allow my children, who are otherwise vaccinated receive this vaccine. There is no long term data on the potential negative effects in 20 years, specifically reproductively speaking, and also specific to heart issues. You cannot mandate this for school; we will stand up for our children. 
COVID- 19 vaccine should not be mandatory for children. The risk of COVID for children is extremely low. It is unknown what the long term side affects of the vaccine are. A parent should be able to decide if they want to vaccinate their child along with their pediatrician who knows the history of the child. Thank you
Absolutely no Covid vaccination for children whose immune system is pristine.
Until there are long term studies there is no reason to administer any covid vaccine to children 5-11. 
Stop this madness you have no right based on the facts.the kids do not catch or spread covid.tge parents will fight this. And the end result will be you will all be sued and go to jail. 
This vaccine is too new to know the long term side affects and it should not be put out for our children to be experimented on. Do real trials like any other vaccine and develop it slowly and properly. The affects could be far more detrimental.
DO NOT GIVE THIS TO CHILDREN!!I JUST HAD 3 PEOPLE LOSE TEENAGERS TO CARDIAC COMPLICATIONS FROM THE VAXX... 
ABSOLUTELY NO Sars-covid-2 vaccine mandates in children.
I do not agree with approving the SARS-COV-2 vaccine for EUA in children ages 5 to 18. They have a survival rate of over 99.997% and the risks associated to the vaccine adverse events far outweigh the benefits.
Vaccinating 5 year olds for COVID is completely irresponsible. They have a much greater risk of developing problems from the vaccine than they do from COVID. This is a crime against humanity. You all will be held responsible for this genocide.
What basis do you have the children either spread the disease or are high risk? Mandating a vaccine without 3 years of trail data could be detrimental to the health of our young people. When their risk is very minimal according to all CDC data. I will stand and fight any and all mandates on the vaccine. Ones body is ones choice to how they care for it. 
NO, NO, a thousand times, NO!5-11 year old children have no valid medical need for this (CDC quotes a COVID-19 average survival rate for 1-19 year olds at 99.997 percent), and evidence is growing that this shot may result in serious and lasting harm - or worse. So, NO. Leave our children alone!
Please do NOT allow this. This is not safe for children, or anyone else for that matter.
Do not risk the safety of children! We Americans should not be using our children as shields! 
FDA, I STRONGLY DISAGREE with any mandate or any other type of coercion regarding COVID 19 vaccines for children or any person of any age. It is NOT your place to make medical decisions for other people. I am the parent. I will decide what medical treatments my kids get or don't get. NOT YOU!
Parents are responsible for the health and well being of their children. NOT THE GOVERNMENT. Stop overreaching and remember what your true role is! Mandating a MEDICAL TRIAL for children is evil and Unconstitutional! 
I am strongly against mandating vaccines for children. This must be a decision every parent must make as parents know best what is best for their children. 
Please protect our children from experimental vaccines, that have not been proven to have zero side effects long term. The vaccine is too new to use on kids, and it is also unnecessary since your own research says that children rarely get Covid.
You are all a bunch of satan worshipping, blood guzzling, flesh eating murders! Any parent that would subject their child to such an injection is mentally and criminally insane. May you all burn in hell.
To mandate vaccination for COVID-19 for children 5-12, who are statistically NOT at risk, is a violation of bodily autonomy and civil rights. I oppose any such mandate, and will not comply with any such mandate.
Forced vaccination is unlawful. There is NO scientific reason to force this poison on childern and anyone else!
As parents to an eleven year old child we are absolutely against the covid EAU shot. Against it for children and adults. Stop playing word salad with the faux FDA approval! The American people deserve better. We are not your guinea pigs! Stop with the human trials!
To knowingly push this vaccine on children is nothing short of maltreatment to innocent humans ! Do not do this to children! There is no evidence of long term effects. To approve and encourage parents to receive this vaccine is a crime against humanity! 
Please stop coronavirus vaccine for kids. There is no long-term safety data. 
I do not approve with this docket . The parents can decide about their child welfare. It is noone elses business. Everything covid needs to stop.Stop mandatemandate for the children ages 5-11
The government is taking away the rights of parents to decide whether or not to have their child vaccinated. This President is already acting like a dictator & is overstepping his role. We must not do this!
If the FDA approves this vaccine to our children I will be pulling mine out of school and homeschooling...
Please do not approve vaccines for our children. We do not have enough information on the long term implications in adults let alone in children. Let parents decide on whether they want their children vaccinated. Please stop this madness and let us all return to normal life prior to this virus. 
These vaccines are useless and dangerous to adults, let alone children. There is no proof that they help anyone. Most children have not even gotten this virus, which hasn't been sufficiently proven either. Stop forcing this on the world and our children.
Stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe “vaccine”. This is so WRONG on all levels and it absolutely unnecessary to even consider.
I do not agree with authorizing the covid vaccine for ages 5-11yrs old. The science shows that most in this age range are naturally resistant to COVID and should not require a vaccine. I don't agree with forcing people to inject new MRNA technologies into their bodies when the full risks are unknown.
Stop mandates for Covid 19 vaccine especially for our children 5 years to 18 Medical dangers for boys to inflammation of the heart!!! I personally know 2 boys 16 and 17 who were hospitalized from the shot and CANNOT participate in high school sports from permanent reactions
Please stop the vaccine mandate for children. This is an experimental drug and could impact children negatively for years to come with unforeseen effects.
According to the adverse reactions being reported these so called vaccinations should be halted altogether NOT forced onto children who are at LITTLE to NO risk from Covid. 
Please do not approve this shot for children. Its proven that children do not get deadly sick from this. Let's not jeopardize the long term health for some mass hysteria that is still being pushed. 
Seriously? No children should be vaccinated! Look at the benefit versus risk.! The FDA should be ashamed if they pass that. 
No vaccine mandate for kids 5-11 This is a disgrace!
There is no way in hell my children will get this. There is not enough research on this and it causes blood clot. Covid Vax is not for children who don't get it.
This is absurd to even think of vaccinating children with this unproven excuse for a vaccine. Children are not vectors for this infection and the potential harm outweighs any supposed benefit of this vaccine. Children are not guinea pigs to be experimented on by some unproven, rushed vaccine. Its all about the money and always has been.
Do NOT approve this experimental vax for children! It is extremely unsafe for their age group and you know it! We've already had reports of a 4 and 5 yr old given the CV vax by mistake, both now have heart problems!
In light of the risk vs reward of giving children the vaccine, the vaccine should absolutely never be given to children. The abundant documentation regarding children being stricken with heart problems shortly after being vaccinated should serve as a warning that the vaccine is not appropriate. I say NO to administering the Covid vaccine to children!
There is in no way enough data available to make sure a vaccine necessary for children ages 5-11..NONE!!!!!!!! The definition of stupidity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result…absolutely asinine behaviour 
A TRIAL experiment “vaccine” should NEVER be mandated or given to anyone without informed consent and responsibility to any adverse reaction to the manufacturer or employer and anyone giving these out ! 
No I do not agree with the 5 to 11 year olds getting Vaccines! 
We are AGAINST all mandates! Follow THE CONSTITUTION - we the people have rights! Stop the New World Order tyranny. Covid is done - we are living our lives like normal for 18 months and Covid is not an issue - your faulty tests are wrong, your protocols suck, the CDC Should be dismantled - we do not trust you anymore - end this tyranny now! We are done.
This is an experimental drug and children should not be used as test dummies. Already in the adults and 12-16yr group there have been many deaths and adverse reactions. NO ONE knows the long term repercussions!! 
I am urging you to not mandate Covid vaccines. They are proving to be more harmful than good. These vaccines do not prevent transmission of Covid, and in fact there are many adverse reactions as recorded on VAERS. Say “NO” to any regulation, legislation, and mandates! We need medical freedom and the freedom of choice.
Please do not force covid vax on children (or adults!).
Please do not approve this for our kids 5-11 without proper testing and research of this vaccine! Most vaccines for our kids have been in testing for years before given to our littles! This virus is not affecting our children. Please do not make our kids test rats. Do the right thing when it comes to our kids and our future generation. This needs more testing and more research 
How can a vaccine be approved when it hasn't gone through the clinical trial period?When will the public be made aware of all the deaths and side effects from the vaccine? What are all the ingredients in the vaccines? What side effects are there? Why is the vaccine mandated for majority working adults when immunity is higher when you already had covid? 
Young children have a strong immune system, they do not need an experimental vax.
The clinical trial study for all newly developed vaccines require years of testing, how is the covid 19 experimental vaccines different when their documentation states it will conclude in 2023 for trials? How does an unconstitutional mandate and emergency authoritarian mandate supercede our nation's constitutional and human rights legislature?
I do not support COVID for my 11-year-old son. There is no need for the age group, 5-11, who are not adversely affected by COVID and therefore do not need the vaccine.
No! We do not want our children and grandchildren to receive the covid vaccine! 
 Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds! Thank you for allowing comments
Children are too young to give an informed consent.No one under 18 should be made to take a vaccine.
This is outrageous and should not be happening! Coming for our children will not end well for you or the elites! Better watch out! 
Children don’t have a choice, I am the parent and do not agree with Covid -19 vaccine on children. 
I don’t feel comfortable giving my 7 years old the COVID-19 vaccine if it becomes available soon. I am not against vaccinations in general but I feel like this particular vaccine is rushed and is lacking enough research
There has been an increase of myocarditis and pericarditis seen among the young vaccinated population. It’s absurd that parents are being led to believe these life threatening risks are worth the risk when the likelihood of the child actually contracting the virus is significantly less, and even less that the child will suffer severe complications of the virus.
More research needs to be done regarding the current reactions to this vaccine before considering usage in more people, irregardless of age, but certainly not our pediatric population.
Do not approve the Covid 19 vaccines for children. These products have not been safety tested adequately and appear to show significant adverse reactions in VAERS. I find it extremely alarming that these vaccines are being forced upon anyone. Do not allow these to be forced upon children if you care about your own institutional credibility.
DO NOT MANDATE THIS EXPERIMENTAL AND INEFFECTIVE VACCINE FOR CHILDREN. THE PARENTS DECIDE WHAT IS BEST FOR THEIR CHILDREN. NOT YOU!!
I'm against vaccinating kids. These so called vaccines are too new, kids bodies can react differently to them, and young children are not at risk of COVID or serious outcomes.
I oppose mandated Covid vaccine for my children. All of my small children have had and recovered from Covid. It is a mild illness for children. The risk of the vaccine outweighs the benefit. I oppose!!
I oppose mandating this experimental vaccine on little children or anyone else. The danger from COVID to children is less than 1% and should be totally up to the parents and pediatricians. There have been far too many deaths and adverse reactions in adults and this vaccine needs many additional studies before it is unleashed on the population.
Children under the age of 20 do not need a vaccination against covid. They possess a natural immunization that your man made chemicals cannot duplicate. Quit worrying about making a dollar and do what’s right for our children and vote against this mandate to vaccinate. 
How dare you try to inject children with an EXPERIMENTAL GENE THERAPY? It is NOT A VACCINE. It does not prevent, treat or help COVID-19 symptoms. I am appalled at the audacity you have to try this out on children. There are no long term studies and the VAERS system is flooded with injury and death resulting from it!!!
I beg you to not recommend the covid jab to children 5-11 in this country. I know many kids 12-18 that have lost feeling in their toes and fingers. There is no way to know the long term effects that the covid jab could cause. It is not worth putting our children in that kind of danger. PLEASE DO NOT RECOMMEND THE COVID JAB.
Don't do this, "vax" this experimental injection is NOT SAFE!!!!
Please consider the survival rate of children ages 5-12 before pushing this therapy through for them. 
MANDATING the vaccine for children that are still developing, when there is sufficient evidence that they may cause developmental problems is intolerable. Parents must have.a choice. A mandate would be evil. 
Please do not recommend the vaccines to children! My son is 9 years old and my husband and I both had side effects from the vaccine. So bad that we couldn't get the second doses. I do not want my child getting this! 
The risks of this vaccine outweigh the benefit, especially for this age range! Children are not at high risk for covid and in no way should all our youth be forced to receive this vaccine that has no long term studies. This is our future generation. Please stop the madness. Stand up for our kids and do not mandate. 
As a nurse and a mother of 5, I strongly urge you to fights against mandated vaccinations and to make sure to not require vaccinations of any kind for all peoples, especially children, and especially such failing vaccinations as the deadly covid vaccines. Medical freedom is of the utmost importance to maintain a free nation. Thank you
I oppose the mandate for the covid 19 vaccine to be administered to children ages 5-11.
The risks far outweigh the benefits for children to have the covid vaccine. Please stand up for what is right and vote NO to the vaccine mandate!
No mandates should be forced on anyone, especially children. Medical autonomy & freedom should be left to parents. 
Children are at a very low risk from Covid as most have a mild case if sick at all! This vaccine absolutely should NOT be mandated for children. 
Please look at the data. The risk of adverse effects for children who get the vaccine is far greater than the risk from COVID. 
I am opposed to Covid-19 vaccine usage in children. We have no long-term data to show that they aren't more harmful than they are good. Children's immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them much more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults, for a disease that has not been pandemic to them. 
Mandates should absolutely not be made for anyone, ESPECIALLY children! Let’s let parents do what they’ve always done, and let them make the best decisions for themselves and their children. The government works for us, not the other way around. There are so many unknown side effects, and I would not want to risk any of those with my children. Enough is enough. 
Vaccines should be administered to children at the discretion of their parents, in partnership with their personal physicians and NOT by mandate or other governmental obligation. 
As someone who vaccinates, please allow vaccines to be personal choice. There are people who have legitimate reasons to not vaccinate. Thank you for your time! 
More testing and data needs to be collected before a child is subjected to this vaccine.
I don’t not believe in this mandate we don’t not know the long term effects this has on our children.
Mandates are an overreach. Let people make their own choice. Especially when it comes to one's own child. Do not do this. You only divide the people. With greater threats outside our country, we shouldn't be bickering about mandating forced vaccination. The USA government already lost a lot of trust, don't lose the last morsel you still have. 
The vaccine will reduce children's immunity that will haunt them for life. Their immunity is strong enough that they don't need a vaccination. The only children who had died from COVID has co-morbidities that compromised their health. The ONLY reason to vaccinate children would be in inject special materials in their bodies for some control purposes. 
I am a physicist and a very science based, fact-based person. After extensive research, it looks like the risks far out weigh the benefits of vaccinating young children against Covid-19. I urge you to NOT approve the vaccines for this 5-11 age group, especially as all the vaccines are still under EUA, and have insufficient testing for children.
 — I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies.
I do NOT want my children to be forced to receive this mRNA vaccine for ANY reason. They have already had Covid & are completely fine WITHOUT ANY medical intervention whatsoever. Start recognizing & accepting NATURAL immunity, that is easily proven through a T-Cell test. 
There is absolutely no emergency here. Children are the least affected. Too many unknowns to be considered.
I say no to vaccines for children until there are years of collected data to show more risks and side effects. I think it is a risk for adults, no way I would give to a child without more data. Thank you but no thanks for vaccines. Health is not injected. Live healthy, be well. Alisha Williams
It is unethical and not based on science to even consider giving children the Covid-19 vaccine. Stop this madness! This is child abuse.
Stop these mandates give us back our Freedom. God will prevail remove this evil!
Do not force us to inject our children with an experimental vaccine that has a greater risk of injury than contracting the virus itself. We will stand up for our kids no matter what. 
It is so clear this is about money and not health. Children will have more adverse effects from the shot than Covid. Stop it.
I strongly disagree with mandating Covid19 vaccines for children. Period. This illness carries with it a 99.9% survivability rate for children. Enough is enough. 
Please examine the science and the data closely. The kids do not need to be vaccinated for Covid. The data and top-tier scientists support that. There is no need for such sweeping mandates. Please do your job.Thank you.
https://www.theblaze.com/op-ed/horowitz-the-country-with-the-best-data-shows-infection-rates-higher-among-the-vaccinated
No Experimental Injections. See attached file(s)https://redpilled.ca/emergency-evil-school-director-grins-as-he-reveals-14-students-in-one-single-school-had-vaccine-side-effects-video/
Please do NOT mandate these vaccines. There is little long-term efficacy and they have proven to have some bad / deadly outcomes. As such, each person should assess for themselves with input from their doctor, whether or not they vaccinate themselves or their children. 
Children are not an ‘at risk’ demographic of our society when it comes to this virus! I do not and will not support this wicked agenda to vaccinate our nations children with this bio weapon called the Covid 19 vaccine. Follow the science and not the money! Children’s lives are at stake and we the people of America will not tolerate this murderous campaign against our kids. STOP THISMADDNESS!
Please show the death rate of these precious young lives infected covid and the side effects of vaccines. Please don’t ruin these young lives. 
I had a friend die in the hospital and that’s what killed him ! Not Covid! Rendesamere killed him and neglect on the nurses. 
Kids are at low risk for catching AND spreading covid19. The adverse events related to the vaccines are more likely to harm the children than is Covid. Please vote no on this EUA.
It is not safe to inject our children with a vaccine that has not had time to go through the proper testing.
Terminate this COVID farce along with Heil Fauci!! Unnecessary to vaccinate children! The COVID virus - a common cold - is seasonal. More people die from heart attacks!!! Let humans develop natural immunity and give them their right to choose! Government needs to clean filthy substandard buildings to ISO standards with our tax funds! 
There is no public health emergency for children ages 5-11. They are not at risk for Covid-19. The risks of the vaccine outweigh the benefits to the child. The EUA should not be extended to this age group. 
I strongly protest the approval of any and all covid vaccines and boosters for all ages young and old. 
I strongly oppose giving mRNA and DNA shots to children 5 - 11 who have essentially zero risk from COVID and high risks of adverse reactions, deaths, and injuries such as blood clots, heart problems, neurological issues including seizures and paralysis, as well as infertility. Please do not approve these shots for children! 
Do not authorize the use of this shot for children. There is absolutely no need with a .00007% fataliy rate among 18 year olds and under. We do not know long term effects of this shot and should not be testing on children. 
Children should not be given experimental gene therapy disguised as a vaccine. The children have great recovery from Covid 19 and the shots already given to children and young adults cause some to die, have myocarditis, irregular menstruation, and many other permanent damages.Anyone forcing or advocating for these shots is violating the hippocratic oath to do no harm.
There is absolutely no reason to require children to have an unapproved JAB that we have no idea what the long term effects are. This could kill them or ruin their lives by stealing their health. Kids are the lowest at risk group. Not to mention that no one is liable if they have adverse effects. You cannot require children to have an experimental JAB. 
• We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
Absolutely not…not enough trial time period NO NO NIO a million times no
I urge you to vote against mandatory vaccination for children 5-12 for school attendance. There is no data that covid presents health risks to children of this ag ed group. I will pull my child out of the school system if this happens.
I am strongly supposed to vaccine mandates especially for children. Please do not let this happen!
The risk for Covid -19 to children in this age group does not warrant a vaccine nor emergency use of a vaccine. Please do not approve this vaccine until more data is available. Not only data regarding the safety of the vaccine by itself, but also in conjunction with all of the other vaccines that are already currently mandated. 
Vaccines are experimental and should not be mandated for children or for any one else for that matter.
Please let this be offered to our children, let parents make the choice on if we should protect our children or not. 
Please do not approve this. The benefits do not outweigh the risks. There are no long-term studies of this new technology.
This is unconscionable to use small children on untested experimental vaccines! This is horrific and must be stopped!
I absolutely oppose adding the COVID vaccine to the mandatory schedule for children attending public school. There is no long term research, therefore we have no idea what this could do to our generation of children! This is completely Unacceptable!!!
I'm Totally Against injecting our most precious children with this Covid vaccine!!!
The federal government will NOT mandate healthy young children to take a covid vaccine that may cause health issues to a group who will easily recover. This is unconstitutional!!
It is horrendous to give this Covid jab to children (or adults). There are so many negative consequences, including heart failure and in this case, paralysis and extreme suffering. Watch this video. It takes only about 15-20 seconds of your time. https://freeworldnews.tv/watch?id=6176946f08354f13af2c7643
Children should not be mandated to receive any medication that has not been fully vetted. Further, children are not significantly adversely affected by CoVid and should not be required to be vaccinated. None of the CoVid vaccines prevent illness nor prevent spread of illness. There is no reason to mandate this vaccine for anyone, much less children.
Children do not need a Covid vaccine! They have a 99.9997% of surviving Covid! They have a higher risk of getting a vaccination injury or death than they do from dying from Covid
Please do NOT approve injections for children as there is no reason to risk the health of a child with a pharmaceutical with no long term studies to back its assured safety and where a child without underlying health conditions has virtually no risk of serious consequence and not to mention the multitudes of children who have natural immunity. Please do not approve!!
There should be no vaccine mandates for anyone. Especially not for children.
This is not ok to expect children to get a vaccine that is so new and causing so many problems already! Please realize the kids are not the ones getting covid and dying. The schools are not spreading like they were expected to. Our children deserve better. Please do not pass through this mandate! 
I am opposed to vaccinating children. This shot is dangerous and should never be administered especially to our children.
Please do your jobs to protect our children. Several country have halted giving children the vaccine because of the risks associated with it. By no means does the vaccine’s benefits outweigh the risks for children. It is not their job to protect the old and unhealthy, it’s our job to protect them.
The children are safe without the vaccines which are unproven. Too much harm to even a few is unwarranted 
Do not approve this until proper long term clinical studies are performed that establish safety. The risk of long term damage to children far outweighs the benefit to children, given the very mild impact of COVID on children. The medicine may well be far worse than the disease. 
Why would you do this when kids are having very mild illnesses when getting covid. Especially when we have seen and witnessed that it is not stopping transmission it is only lowering symptoms. The kids already have that. So what would be the point. Beside you poisoning the children and the potential harm for vaccine side effects in children. 
Government is NOT in control, in charge or over our bodies and the health choices we are free to make for ourselves, our children, our families. NO MASKS. NO JAB. NO VACCINE REQUIREMENTS EVER. 
Please DO NOT mandate the Covid vaccines for our youth. They do not need them! They are neither effective against infection or spread of the virus and we certainly don’t know the long term safety profile of them. This will be a crime against humanity if these shots are mandated. 
I’m hoping the FDA has come to its senses and will NOT recommend the Covid vaccine for children 5-11. They should not be put at risk when the benefits aren’t justified as being greater. We have no long term studies which makes it even shocking that this would be recommended. Vote NO
I am shocked this is even still being considered. Why are we not following the science? Why are we willing to risk the health of our children? The FDA is already suspected of corruption, prove us wrong. You are killing the population, leave our children alone!
According to many top scientists the benefits of vaccinating kids don't outweigh the risks of injuries. Check out Sweden's approach.
The force of a vaccine on any American especially children is not only unconstitutional it’s illegal . The current data does not back up the science , with all the hiding of side affects and death , do we really think this is a good idea ? Who wants to play Russian roulette with there child first ? Just plain greed and politics !!
This law is Ridiculous! SToP the Madness! Your killing children, giving them power they have no idea the outcome. NO! This is WRONG! Perverse and unjust! It’s insanity! 
Is this still America where we have freedoms? I think so! At least for now! Dont take away a persons right to choose for themselves and their family!! We don’t live in a dictatorship country, think about that when you vote!! FREEDOM!! 
Stop the insanity! Do not force children to be jabbed with this gene therapy. God gave us immunity and children are most protected. 
Mandates for kids 5-12 are completely unnecessary to an age group that their is 99.997% survival rate after contracting Covid. Stop the crimes against humanity!!!!!
I do not support mandating the COVID 19 vaccine for any children 18 and under. 
Please please a mom of two wonderful daughters do not mandate this Covid vaccine on them. They need school to continue thriving in life. I believe we should have the right to choose! Medical freedom for all. There has not been enough time to know the long term effects in children!!!!!!
The risks of the side effects of the vaccine are worse than the virus for this age group of children. My son is 8 and iga deficient, he had stomach bug symptoms for 24hours and those were the only symptoms from covid19 he had. Please don’t do this to these babies. The flu is way scarier than this for them. 
I am a parent of five kids and a teacher. I strongly disapprove of making it mandatory for kids to receive this vaccine, and my kids are otherwise vaccinated. I don’t believe that the government has the right to do this—I live in NJ and my state has been tolerant of religious exemptions until now, with Covid. Please do not require children to do this!
We will NOT submit to your tyranny. IVERMECTIN eliminates covid. I KNOW! I USED 12mg to cure all covid symptoms in 3 hours. 
Please give us vaccines for school aged children asap. Also, please speed up the timing on the 2-4 age group as much as practicable.
There is no need to inject little children with this gene-modfying drug. They have a survivability of 99.999997%. To inject them is pure madness when the risk of developing myocarditis and/or pericarditis is much worse than the risk of the disease itself. Do not approve this experiment on our preciou children -- to do so would violate the Nuremberg Code.
There is no need for this. The fatality rate is too low to warrant a mandate. Find something else to get twisted about.
Our kids are not a threat or highly impacted by covid, let their immune system continue to build up and let parents make the choice that they know is best for the child. We as parents are the ones that know our children best and know what is best. Please stay away from our children with an experimental shot thatjj has no proven data on its effectiveness and efficiency. 
Children are at a very low risk of serious illness or death from covid19. Injecting them with an experimental “vaccine” is reckless and very dangerous not knowing the long term side effects. Also there are many know side effects happening to adults that are getting covered up and dismissed in the medical world. Leave the children alone. 
These vaccinations need to be stopped until the full testing is complete. There has been no significant evidence of risk to children and there is scientific evidence that even vaccinated people can carry, transmit and even die from the disease. 
These are ineffective for adults and no need for children to get it, especially due to survivability of the virus. Children have a statistically zero percentage chance of dying from COVID-19 virus but more than 50 times likely to die from vaccine reaction. You must not approve this for children.
I oppose a the COVID vaccine for children ages 5-11 years. There are no long term studies on side effects of this vaccine . 
I strongly oppose the Covid vaccine in children. They do not need it. 
Do not give COVID-19 vaccines to children. This is the most rediculous thing the FDA could ever do. How much harm could this drug/ biological product do to future generations? You don’t even know do you. Stop and take a deep breath before you decide on this and choose NO!
No I do NOT want kids to be vaccinated. It is NOT safe for them. 
There is absolutely no reason to vaxx children 5 to 12 years or anybody really.This is in no way based upon science which you seem to ignore anyway. So let me provide you the words of Jesus, But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.
Please consider the fact that this could be harmful in the future for children who get this. I don't think there is enough science behind this vaccine to be giving out to anyone. Let alone children. Think of the kids future and for the love of God think about your own family. This is wrong. 
Please do not give our children a unnecessary drug not approved by the FDA! It is unwarranted, not fully tested and goes against many families' doctors recommendations for their small patients.
No to covid vaccine for kids!!! Let parents decide what’s good for them ! 
I disagree with any vaccine mandates for individuals to include children. I believe it’s a person’s right to refuse any vaccine especially one that long term studies haven’t been completed.
kids have enough immunity to protect them from any virus ,
The kids in this age range are not at risk from Covid-19. If they were vaccinated they could still catch covid and spread it. The risks from the vaccine far outweigh the risk from actually catching covid. Please do not mandate this experimental drug that is still in trial phase until 2023.
Please do not mandate vax for kids. You do not know the long term effects. Kids are not at big risk. It is foolish for the government to want authority over parent's rights to make medical decisions about what is right for their children.
No, our children do NOT need to be vaccinated when their recovery is 99.9%. Overreaching, tyrannical behavior by our government. Enriching probably yourselves and big pharma. 
Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds.
Stop this madness with mandating these experimental gene therapy jabs. All regulators pushing this upon us are violating the Nuremberg codes! 16 thousand deaths on the Vaers database to date!!! We will no comply!! 
Please Vote NO to mandatory covid vaccines for children. There are no long term studies. We do not know the risks for the future.. protect our children and stop hiding the fact that vaccine adverse reactions are common ! https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2021/oct/18/biden-admin-ignores-adverse-effects-of-covid-19-va/
Please DO NOT vaccinate our children with a non-proven vaccine that has not been tested. Plus, it has been shown that rarely do the children get covid. 
This is absurd that this shot is being pushed to children. It is still in testing phases and should not be mandated. This goes against our freedoms.
I absolutely believe more time needs to be taken studying the effects of the Covid vaccine before rolling this out to young children.
there is no need, no mandates or money making commercials or media assistance. Do the right thing and allow parents to make the choice as designed by our Creator.
There is little risk for children. The risks outweigh the benefits, this is insanity. 
I feel that parents of any child should have the right to decide whether or not they want their child, or children, to be vaccinated with any type of vaccine (Covid 19) or shot (Flu) or any other shot or vaccine. This is their Parental , and Constitutional Right!Thank you,Lori
Children should not be given the experimental covid vaccines. They are too young to know all the risks and even if they had the coronovirus, their symptoms would likely be very mild. 
Authorizing & mandating any vaccine for a virus with a great survival rate is preposterous; & mandating these for children is child abuse. End these mandates NOW! The vaccines are causing more serious health issues than the virus itself.
As a teacher and a mother grandmother and sister and fellow citizens of the United States I feel that it is unwarranted to vaccinate children whose immune system is strong naturally. We do not need government interference on who is to be vaccinated or not. Science does not back at the FTA don’t back it nobody wants Recourse for lawsuits in the case of death or severe mental illness or disability.
I strongly oppose any vaccine recommendations for the COVID-19 virus for children ages 5-11. They are at next to no risk of dying from the virus, but the mRNA experimental vaccine is worrisome due to the lack of scientific data.
Please do not approve these vaccines for children. Not enough testing or data has been done to determine they are safe for children.
I am extremely against vaccinating children and the CDC is being careless in this move. Please do what is right and stop the mandate of child vaccines!
Stop all mandates and allow freedom of choice.We will not consent we will not comply.
Do not vaccine children this is murder, and they all know it..
PLEASE Give parents a choice about the pediatric Covid 19 vaccine!!! 
Do not try and mandate vaccines for kids. Mandates are garbage and tyrannical. 
There is absolutely no reason to inject our children with experimental vaccines. To do so is criminal. Be warned that if you go after our children with this, there will be consequences.
Absolutely insane. Inject our children with an experimental drug when they are nearly 100% immune. This has nothing to do with their health. 
This is not ok! I will never be in support of this! 
Children are at low risk for COVID or complications from it. Please do not authorize the use of the COVID shot for children! Already teens have gotten serious side effects from the vaccine. Younger children will experience the same.Thank you!
Just stop with this please. Children don’t need a vaccine against Covid. There are NO long term safety studies done. These poor children. Please
Children should NOT be forced to take the COVID jab because per CDC data face a minute threat of death or severe sickness. Research is still wide open to the LONG TERM EFFECTS this shot could have on them. We need to protect our children and not make them the test case for such a thing.
I as a parent and US Citizen and voter will stand against this and state NO! To vaccination of any children against their will and their parents decision is a violation of their rights!
No!!! Yo mandating Covid-19 poison vaccines to our children.
I oppose mandating vaccines to kids 5-12 years of age. Please reconsider this mandate. 
I do not agree with nor do I see the need to vaccinate a young child that has a strong immune system. It is unnecessary And questionable at best. The science clearly shows children would be in danger more from complications related to the vaccines than Covid. Please don't do this to our children.
My children will not be touched with a vaccine that is not out of emergency use nor has at least a decade to show long term affects. My son was already injured by a vax and you will have to go through me to get to them! I stand my ground. You people are insane! Why are you forcing a vax that doesn’t even stop the spread! Insane! 
I implore you not to use these on our children. They have been proven to injure or kill
Children are effected by covid very minimally. Children bodies are resilient and have minimal symptoms and minimal days sick with covid. Could you please explain, why vaccinating children is justified? How are the possible side effects weighted against the minimal possible benefit to a very small subset of children with preexisting conditions?
IamopposedtotheapprovaloftheCOVID-19vaccinesforchildren.Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
There is absolute no reason for children of this age to receive this trial. Children are not dying of Covid!!!! In fact what you guys have done is in older kids and others is increase risks in other areas such as myocarditis, strokes, and death. This jab doesn’t stop Covid you can still get it still transmitt it. Doesn’t cover other variants 
No COVID vaccines for children.not only is it unnecessary but it is dangerous. It causes heart disease, Sterilization and causes COVID. God is watching you.
These vaccines have not been proven to be safe for children who have a natural immunity and don’t get very sick even if they do ge this virus
There SHOULD NOT be a Covid-19 vaccine mandate for children between the ages of 5-15. This should never, ever be considered. Parents are the ones who should decide if and when their child gets a vaccine.
So called "vaccination" of children, for cov. 19 - something that is not a legitimate threat to them, is shameful!!!!The so called "vaccine" however, has been proven to kill & injure children.How dare you even consider injecting innocent children with this poison?
Please stop any mandates to require children to receive the covid vaccine.
Quit killing Americans with ineffective vaccines. Why not start compiling data? Children are at very low risk (99.997% survive) of dying from Covid. It's experimental and these drug companies have pulled far too many killer drugs after the fact, most recently, Chantix. 
It is asinine to inoculate children for something that has little to no effect on them at all. It is proven that natural immunity lasts longer and is more effective against “variants” than the injection. Forced inoculations in general goes against medical freedom and encroaches on parental rights. 
Children have a 0% chance of dying from Covid-19. Everyone else has a 99.9% survival rate. These vaccines are deadly. Anyone who is trying to push this agenda is a murderer. This is a satanic narrative and it is unconstitutional. If you inject human beings with this graphene oxide, you will be held accountable. Stay away from the children. This narrative is complete and utter insanity. 
It is wrong for the FDA to allow kids 5 to 11 yrs to get the jabs. Shows no efficacy or safety studies because there are no data to support this! Plus the FDA will be sued by The CHD if you pursue this reckless endangerment to children of our nation. 
You are killing our children with the COVID mandated vax. We know it and you know it. Why? Stop because we will make you pay
It is insane to even consider forcing children 5 to 11 years old to receive a Covid shot. They have strong immune systems, every they catch the covid flu..recovery is close to 99%., and then there is proof of blood clots, sterility, and numerous other serious side effects from these injecions.Please stop any bills for Covid injections for children.
Please do NOT mandate ANY medical decisions for my children EVER. I
Please do not give approval for Covid-19 vaccine to children. The risk does not outweigh the benefit in any extrapolation of data. This would be inappropriate and possibly cause injury. 
No vaccine mandate for children – especially not this experimental mRNA vaccine! 
I am completely opposed to the COVID-19 vaccine for children. It has been proven over and over again that children do not get very ill from Covid. It is way more dangerous to get the vaccine and suffer from the side effects especially long term
No masking of children! This is such a stupid idea! Children are suffering because of the masks and not Covid. Masks do nothing to prevent the virus from spreading. Show us STUDIES THAT ACTUALLY PROVE that masking children would benefit THEM at all. 
I will not allow my child to be your test subject when only 600 total kids have died from Covid. 
“Follow the science” — COVID is not deadly for children, they DO NOT need a vaccine. There are tens of thousands of documented cases of deaths and serious injuries from these "vaccines." Please do not allow this to be forced on our children and harm them.
Trial vaccines should not be mandated for children as the long term effects are not yet known!
I am totally opposed to mandating covid vaccines for children. Parents should be the ones to decide whether or not their child needs this vaccine. Data shows most children are at very little risk from covid. 
The mandate to take over parenting my children is horrendous. I will pull my boys from public school without blinking an eye if this is implemented. It’s disgusting to imagine what we are becoming. 
It’s way too early to vaccinate the children with this substance. You do not have enough data to be sure it is safe. Remember the doctor’s oath - do not harm! 
Say NO to Covid vaccinations for five through 11-year-olds. This is not a disease that affects that age group, and the recovery for the age group is extremely high. We do not know the long-term effects of this vaccination and how it affects specifically children. Please do not approve this for this age group.
Please for the love! Why are you just taking Vaccinations? Especially when we know this isn't a vaccination. You know that people are still getting ill after being vaxed! No it isn't any better. Be honest. Please leave our children out of this. Please promote good health habits and have a conscience. Stop selling out for money. 
To mandate the COVID vaccine for children in school or anywhere else would be CRIMINAL! This has not been time tested and we have already seen the vaccine cause heart issues for children and adults age 12 and up. For a disease that does not cause a lot of problems for children this vaccine should not be made mandatory. 
Please do not mandate vaccines for 5 yr olds and up. It is the parents opportunity and responsibility to care for their children the way they feel best. Health is a very individual thing and choice.
Do not approve Covid vaccines for children 5-11. They are at incredibly low risk and we do not have enough long term data on possible complications 5, 10, 15 years down the road. Your decision to force this on our nation's children will impact them well beyond your own lives. Please take a moment and reconsider. 
There is no medical reason for children to receive this inoculation. Furthermore, it is NOT SAFE. Americans know how corrupt our 3 letter agencies are. Do not approve this experimental shot for our youth.
These decisions should absolutely be left to parents and not schools or government! Schools abuse this and vaccinate without parents knowledge or consent. Furthermore, children are at almost zero risk from covid.
https://rumble.com/vo7bfj-maddies-ad-comcast-censored.html?mref=5gmrp&mrefc=2YOU LIARS!! You claim upload "failed" because the filename contained invalid characters... WRONG!!! I removed any character and attempted to upload it again! I then uploaded a screenshot of your lies.
No childhood Covid mandate!!! Children are not at risk as much as the elderly! Mandates of this kind are unnecessary. Childhood vaccines have been studied for years and approved for years before they became mandated for school. This has NOT been studied in children or even humans for longer then a year and half!! 
There is no reason to give this so called vaccine to children. They are not at any risk of dieing from the covid virus. The adverse affects reports on OpenVAERS.com are already sickening and that's just a small percentage of the actual adverse affects from this "vaccine." You may be ok with killing teenagers and adults. Could we please draw the line at NOT killing children?
I am oppose to mandating children at any age. This injectable is has not been study as in other drugs for use in children. Children are not physically, emotionally, neurologically, developed at the age the FDA is recommending this poison. Do not approve this mandate for children. 
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
EUAs should only be approved when other therapeutics are not available. Ivermecton and Hydroxychloroquin work, so these vaccine EUAs should not be approved for children!!!!!
This vaccination does not have enough testing to prove the benefits. Also, the pharm. companies are not liable. THIS VACCINATION SHOULD BE A CHOICE AND NOT MANDATED!!
I am 100% against any forced or mandatory vaccines for me or my family, including our children. The mania over COVID-19 and the accompanying government tyranny at all levels is unconstitutional and un-American. STAY AWAY FROM MY CHILDREN!
There is not enough data or published peer review studies to guarantee safety of giving this to children. Please stop the madness and get more sound science behind this
Please don't put children at risk by allowing these vaccines. There is a much greater chance of hurt from these vaccines than them getting Covid which FDA knows is a minuscule possibility
The percentage of children dying from COVID is so incredibly small a mandate is not justified/ necessary. 
Don't you think that when an healthy child aged 14 get heart attack after 1st dose of the pfizer comirnaty is not acceptable?I know someone it happened to him and heard about others.It is not accaptable.Don't believe to the MOH in Israel. They are deleting avidences.
Giving children this experimental product is irresponsible and reckless.I know older kids and adults who have been affected by the product already. Do you really want to be responsible for harming 5 yr olds?How do you think this will go down when 5yr olds start dropping dead from this decision? You KNOW its simply not safe for this vulnerable population. And we know you know.
I do not think it is a wise decision to mandate this new vaccine for children. If my children were forced, I would home school. This is getting out of hand
Please don’t take away our freedom of choice. The vaccine should never be forced upon the public 
Why would you want to mandate vaccines for children when they are very low risk? Why would you want to take that decision away from PARENTS? This is nothing but a ploy to line the pockets of Big Pharma. As if they are not already fat enough? This makes absolutely no sense! This vaccine is still in the clinical trial phase. Please, please do not do this!!
Vaccines should be a person's choice, not mandated or forced. It is our Constitutional right for liberty, freedom, and the pursuit if happiness. One's person is there own and should not be dictated on what they should medically do with their bodies. 
I’m writing to oppose to the kids ( 5-12) vaccination.
Leave our children alone NO vaccine! They have strong immunity they don’t need this vaccine. We see the CDC ‘s and Medicare reports in deaths and adverse effects. Stop the vaccines now.
No Covid Vaccinations for Kids 5-11. The shots are not effective for adults and have risks, so should not be given to children.
OPPOSING THE AMENDMENT to the EUA for administration of the Pfizer vaccine to 5-11 years of age
Please do not approve the COVID vax for kids. The data is clear that kids are very low risk for serious effects of COVID. On the the other hand, there are are thousands of cases reported of deaths and adverse effects from the vax, especially of young people. Plus we do not yet know the long term side effects. Please protect our kids from this above all else. 
Absolutely no expirimental vaccines for kids!!!!! PERIOD
Please leave our children out of this study. Children have the highest survival rate against this virus but not this experimental vaccine. This is only hurting our country ans causing pain to the families. Vaccines are pulled after 25 deaths this vaccine has hundreds of thousands of deaths and still counting and people are suffering. 
I’m against children taking the COVID-19 shot, especially if it destroys there organs over a period of time.
I do not now and i will never give my children this vaccine. The government has overstepped in this arena. The children have no threat of covid 19 and therefore it is unnecessary and tragic that anyone human being would consider this. The risks far far outweigh any benefits. STOP THIS NOW! 
Having several grandchildren in the specified age ranges, my understanding is that there is such a small percentage of this age group that get hospitalized, that it appears there is no legitimate reason for you to approve this FORCED Vaccination....Why not educate and provide information for avoidance and immune boosting protocols...They are available and effective...
Children have low suseptablity to this virus. They have a 99.9 % recovery rate if infected. There are way more vac. injuries than 99% . The unknown posablities of injuries is to great . Please do not harm the children. 
Firmly against the covid vaccine for these kids. This does not prevent getting or giving the virus. The death rate is so minute it is a joke that ypu are trying to force a shot onto these kids that will not even protect them. Mandate this vaccine and you loose thousands of students whom you get funding for. Do not do this! 
What's the justification for vaccines for children? There isn't one even if you follow the MSM science 99.9% chance of dying from Covid19 for children verse the damages caused by the vaccines for Covid19. The rates of Myaocarditis in young people alone is enough to not recommend or mandate for any group of young people. 
Data thus far suggest that the vaccine kills and injures 174 times the number of children it helps. To do anything other than deny approval would be reprehensible. History usually remembers those who commit atrocities.
Children should NOT be forced to be vaccinated. More research is needed until it can be considered safe. Hard NO for school-age children. 
FDA-There is no reason to require covid vaccinations for children. They are largely not effected and there are serious side effects and risks to these vaccines. Please do not approve. This is a crime.
Please DO NOT mandate Vaccines for innocent children! 
stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine!
I do not support the approval of the Pfizer Covid 19 vaccine for children.
See attached file(s)I do not agree with President Biden and Governor Newsom’s mandate for our children to receive COVID-19 vaccinations as a prerequisite for school attendance at all private and public California schools, as well as the mandates for professionals to be vaccinated against their will in order to keep their jobs. 
It is my job as a parent to decide wha is best for my kids are there is far too much unknown about this vaccine and with regular testing there is absolutely no reason they should have to put something in their body that could be dangerous and does NOT prevent them from getting covid or spreading it!!!
Do you have the children's best interest at heart? Why pump a virtually untested solution into healthy, strong, growing bodies that could possibly have adverse effects in the years to come. In the famous words from a popular song : "...leave those kids alone."
It is my understanding that the committee will be considering authorization of the covid vaccine in children as young as 5 years old. Given the low incidence of significant morbidity and mortality from covid in children and the unknown long term effects of the vaccine, I respectfully ask that the committee advise against administrating the vaccine to this age group.
As a nurse, who has been in the profession for 15 years, I WILL leave my job in the middle of a nursing shortage if the government continues to overextend it's reach into my personal beliefs. I'm not the only one either. Think Covid is your biggest problem? 
dont vax anybody antmore with your biowapon esp our children
The government cannot conscionably approve and offer these vaccines to children without also offering full monetary compensation for every life, quality of life and possible side effect of the vaccine process. If you cannot guarantee to make life better for not at-risk children who will be subjected to this medical intervention you have a moral duty to stop this approval.
I oppose to emergency use of the Covid vaccine to kids ages 5-11. As a mother, I would not allow this to be given to my child. This is too new. Many moms are very afraid of this. Please consider our feelings. We’re all begging. Thank you
I am against giving the vaccination to children. Has something changed??? For the most part, they do not get seriously ill and are not spreaders. There are no longitudinal studies to tell us that this is a safe vaccine for them. Why don't you study therapeutics that would be of benefit for EARLY treatment? Not as profitable, I guess. 
I am adamantly against giving the COVID vaccine to children. It is unnecessary and potentially dangerous and should complete the entire trial period before administering to 5-11 year olds. Please do not approve this. 
Children do not need the covid vaccine. There is no scientific evidence behind this ridiculous concept, where kids already have to be injected many times already and pose no risk as associated with covid. If this child injection process is approved, it will become mandatory and hurt Children for years for no benefit. Clear violation of the hippocratic oath.
The Pfizer shot has way too many adverse reactions especially in you get people. Until those are researched and fixed, I will not allow my children to have this shot. Covid does not affect children much. This shot is not proven to stop the spread, in fact those who have the shot still can pass the illness on. With an illness that 98% of people recover from, this is not needed. 
I am completely opposed to a mandated vaccine for Americans, children in particular. My wife and I have had COVID twice, we did not quarantine from our three young children and they remained negative on covid tests. Research shows that children are at a 0% risk of death from covid. A vaccine to prevent against COVID 19 in children is an unnecessary risk. 
I implore our elected official’s to stop this senseless madness to vaccinate against a virus with a 98% survival rate world wide .
Vax Not necessary for this age group. Will do more harm than good! Dr. Robert J Newton
GOD knows what you are attempting to do to the children of this country and the Christians & Patriots of this country will not stand for your Satanic behaviors 
NO LONG TERM STUDIES! EVERY OTHER SINGLE DRUG & VACCINE GOES THROUGH YEARS OF SAFETY STUDIES. I cannot trust a product that hasn’t been given all the right safety protocols. Our children deserve better. 
Do NOT approve the use 9f these vaccines without proper research, people are being injured and silenced. Kids especially do not need this. This is mass murder at the highest level, and you will be held accountable before God. How do you even sleep at night knowing you are willingly harming people?
Their little to no evidence that children get COVID seriously. At least not many do and less than 500 people under the age of 18 have died from COVID. No evidence that children spread COVID either. There is no reason to mandate vaccines for a disease they have little chance of even being hospitalized for. This is something should ndd we left up to their parents.
Covid 19 vaccines can not be mandatory. This is not a pandemic when people don’t even know they are carrying the virus. STOP IT
I believe that it is solely up to the parents or legal guardian if their child is to be vaccinated or not against covid-19. This is another example of government overreach. Furthermore children in that age range are at almost no risk from covid-19.
Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds! I am repulsed by the idea! Please do not allow this! 
Please do not mandate this!!! There is not enough research on the effects it has on our kids. They need to build a immunity to different things so they can fight them off as they get older!! JUST SAY NO TO MANDATES for our KIDS 
Please stop these mandates. They are hurting this country
There are no scientific facts for the use of any COVID vaccine on children. In fact, science claims the opposite. Children are not dying from COVID. Children have very mild symptoms, if any, and they are not super spreaders. The push for a COVID vaccine is not about the safety as much as the control and money. Please do not approve the vaccine for children. 
Regarding the COVID vaccine for children 5-11, the risk to benefit ratio doesn't make sense. Children are at almost a negative risk from COVID and are much more likely to have a negative reaction from the vaccine. It doesn't make sense to give to children! On top of that, there are no long term studies to even say how this will effect them in 10 years. Please do not approve this toxin! 
I am strongly disagreeing with the mandate to vaccinate kids. This is so ridiculous ! This is tyranny to the full extent This goes against the constitution. Tell me why the postal workers Congress and others high up don’t have to get the vaccine? 
I am a mom and grandma who is extremely alarmed by the VAERS reports concerning the number of injuries and deaths that are caused by the covid-19 injections. This injection should not be authorized for any child of any age. iam strongly objecting to any approval for children. 
Please do not mandate vaccines for children ages 5-11. This must be a parent’s decision about what is best for the child’s body. The child is given by God to me to take care of. The government is not the parent.
Children have little to no issues with covid therefore should NOT be vaccinated with the covid vaccine. 
I am apposed to all representatives of this country telling people about how to raise there kids and what to put in them . It is wrong at every level in this country . I love life and all american people and they need to be informed of the truth and not propaganda 
You already know the risks outweigh the benefits in children. Do you want many deaths, myocarditis, blood clots, etc., etc., etc., etc., on your conscience, when you already know that covid deaths among children is basically zero? Do not approve this experimental vaccination for children!
I am opposed to this mandatory vaccine in children when children have the highest immunization rates as humans. I am for a delay until longer term studies have been proven to be effective. Thank you
Let’s protect our children and not give them a shot that we do not know the consequences of to protect them from a virus that we now know will not harm them. 
I am standing up against mandating the vaccines ESPECIALLY for children under the age of 18! This unconstitutional and I will fight it every step of the way for my children and grandchildren!!! Please put a stop to this tyranny!!!!
No EUA vaccine for children. Should not be authorized until clinical trails are complete. 
No mandatory vaccines or masks for K-12! Parent choice! 
I will pull my 4 children from public school if this vaccination is mandated!!! I don't believe anyone knows what's individually best for my children but me and possibly their primary care doctor!!! U will not support any such mandate and my kids will no longer attend a facility that does!!!
I strongly appose the vaccination of children with a Covid 19 injection. We live in a world where there will always be some type of virus. Pumping children full of drugs only weakens their ability to fight off infection. Also, “We the people” should not be forced into being experimental subjects! Read the constitution before you mandate these unconstitutional laws!
No vaccines mandated to anyone Of any age ecspecially kids 5-11
I’m not anti-vax, but I don’t want to be mandated to vaccinate my child. Nor do I want to be punished for not following government assigned timelines re vaccines. Ever.
I respectfully ask that you not mandate the vaccines for 5-12 year olds. The evidence is just not there for it being necessary and safe long term for them. Young people overwhelmingly do very well when they get covid. 
I am absolutely opposed to vaccinating our children against COVID-19. The risk of an adverse event in kids greatly outweighs the risk of COVID-19. If you are truly following “the science“ then you know better. It is unconscionable to think that this would pass. You absolutely must do the right thing and protect our children. VOTE NO TO VACCINATING CHILDREN! 
I refuse to expose my uninformed children to a vaccine that could (and has proven to) lead to very negative and lifelong effects. Mandating such a thing is madness.
It is not necessary to produce a gene therapy drug for children for an illness which kills less than 1% of the total population in Canada
I refuse to forcefully cave in to vaccinate my children with an experimental drug that makes them just as susceptible to side effects as it does from injury from covid. We’ve had covid in this family which includes 3, 4, and a 6 year old. We all did just fine. Don’t force this on people. Let them choose. You will lose people in public schools if you make this mandatory. 
I cannot see, for the life of me, why any child should be targeted with an experimental, "vaccine", for a corona virus with almost zero lethality to those under age 50. This is criminal to continue vaccines of this COVID genre, on any age group, that are causing tens of thousands of deaths and permanent disability and injuries. Stop working for Big Pharma or face trial under Nuremburg codes!
What is the risk benefit of this vaccine to children? It is not a child’s responsibility to keep anyone else safe from this virus. What research/safety trials have been done to determine long-term effects of this vaccine on children? 
Do not mandate vaccination for the children. Let parents decide because each situation is unique and only the parents know the kids well enough to make an informed decision. These are CHILDREN! Please I pray for God to soften the hearts of those who are in authority of this to let FREEDOM ring bright in this country. I beg the committee to soften their hearts and stop the mandates. 
If this should move forward you will be guilty of crimes against humanity. There are other treatments and the survival rate for COVID-19 Is higher than the absolute efficacy of any vaccine or gene therapy. 
Children should not have chemicals put into their bodies as they are growing. There are chemicals in our air and water that are hard to control. With our food we can make healthy choices, and keep harmful chemicals out of our bodies. Vaccines put the chemicals into children's bodies that may damage them for their entire lives.
Zero risk for these children of Covid! This has zero to do about safety and everything to do about money and power. Parents will fight this to the end. 
Vaccinations for children are ridiculous!!! There are no long term studies.....Children have a lower risk of complications from covid. The idea is ASININE #!#!$!
I stand up for children’s rights. I care about the future well being for All our children. This would be a criminal act!
I have been excited about the news and trials for the 5-11yr old age group. My son looks forward to doing his part like his family to help protect himself and those around him especially his immunocompromised Nana with multiple myeloma and his mom who is pregnant and expecting twins.
Approving any SARS-cov2 vaccine for a child will be tragic as so many reports of death and injury have already been reported in all age groups. The American public is aware and will lose all confidence in FDA if they make this move. Protect our children.
It is absolutely ridiculous and criminal to give a drug for which there is NO LONG TERM DATA to innocent children. This “novel” virus barely impacts children. If they do get Covid their survival rate is 99.998%. Meanwhile, you will be forcing an experimental drug on them and potentially subjecting them to years of “boosters” due to the lack of long term efficacy of the so-called vaccine.
Leave our kids out of this you know dam well they do not need this 
The vaccine mandate for younger kids is inadvisabke. Please be wiser about this on every rational level!
Do not authorize an experimental shot for children when the risk way outweighs the benefit. The survival rate is .0007 percent for children. This is not their burden to bear. 
I am writing to plead with the FDA to not approve this vaccine for young children There is absolutely no medical evidence that the virus harms young children and/or pass to adultsI implore you to rethink this decision as it will affect our future generations in many differ t health levels
Our children our not old enough to be forced to take an experiment vaccine. Please leave our innocent children alone. 
Please do not pass the mandate to vaccinate kids. They have 99.9% chance of fighting this disease and their innate immunity can become compromised for life!! Do not vaccinate your own kids with this shot because its only experimental. Millions of mothers are willing to take their kids out of school and protest this mandate. 
I strongly oppose covid vaccines for children. My child will not be receiving this unnecessary shot under any circumstances. Please use common sense and look at the data related to children instead of following a political agenda. Thank you!
I absolutely do NOT condone this mandate for our young children. PleaseTake a moment to think about risks that involves with the actually risk these young children have of dying fromCovid-19! So many children will be pulled from schools which in the end willCause so much more mental and socialIssues later on than this pandora ever did!! Do not mandate our children, let us parents have the choice.
I don’t feel children between 5 and 12 should be vaccinated at this time. There’s not enough data. 
I am very much against the approval of the Covid vaccine for children. The long term effects are not known and will not be for many years. No one knows the effects this will have on development of organs as the children grow. Please do not approve this until long term effects are known and it is proved by years of data to be safe.
Do not give this experimental drug to children, it is already proved that it has caused more deaths and life changing injuries that all other vaccines I’ve 30 years. When will people realise this is an agenda that those in power should be ashamed of. Any other drug of this nature would have been banned by now, why has this not been removed?
I am AGAINST the proposal to inject children with any of the experimental EUA biologics. I have attached a few of the MANY scientific research articles clearly showing the evidence against injecting children with these deadly biologics. 
Please stop with nonsense. There needs to be an end to all this madness. I as a parent will make the decision for my children to have or NOT HAVE the Covid vaccine. NONE OF YOU KNOW MY CHILDREN OR KNOW WHATS BEST FOR THEM. When and only when you have proof that berthed by babies, will you have any rights to stay what goes into my children. 
The data has shown that those under 18 years of age are not at risk to have a severe or deadly case of this virus. It should be a decision made by the parents. The parents should decide for their own children if they want them to be vaccinated. 
Please listen to many parents and educators who see this experimental Covid vaccine as an unnecessary risk for young children. The short-term effects are questionable in efficacy and the long-term adverse effects are unknown. Protect our future generations by not approving this risky injection.
Vaccines should absolutely not be mandated for children 5-12 years old (or ANY age for that matter). I am absolutely and unequivocally opposed to such a mandate.
I object to the emergency approval of the Pfizer covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds.
I do NOT support the vaccination of our youth for a flu with a 99.99% survival rate. This is ridiculous! Leave the children alone. 
Children are at the least risk for getting COVID and even smaller risk for serious complications from Covid. 
This is absurd. Why should children be subjected to this if it's not necessary? This is an added risk to them when they have other safe options to battle this virus. The percentage of youth that's affected by COVID-19 should be enough reason to not go this far! 
MAY EVERYONE OF THE FDA MEMBERS & ALL POLITICIANS DEVELOP THE MOST HORRIBLE EXCRUCIATINGLY PAINFUL MINDNUMBING FORM OF TERMINAL BLOOD CANCER WHICH THE VACCINES CAUSE & MAY YOU WAIL & SQUEAL LIKE THE DIRTY F_KKIN DIRTY EVIL PIGS YOU ARE THEN ROT & BURN IN HELL FOR ETERNITY YOU IGNORANT DISGUSTING PUTRID RANCID SCUMMY PUKE PIECES OF CAMEL SHIT! F_CK OFF & DIE ASAP 
There is no reason to approve vaccines for 5-11 years old as covid does not make them sick. In medicine we always balance risks vs benefits and in this case, there are more risks. The vaccine does not prevent infection and transmission so it will not protect grandma or other vulnerable person. Please, do not make the mistake of authorizing the vaccines. 
Please stop the plan to give the shot to children. It is not proven and children have great immune systems that need to work.
Children should not be given experimental vaccination
Science and data prove vaccines will not save our children from Covid death. Try using the early intervention strategies and not an experimental vaccine. No way should you use this vaccine on children. 
Why the rush to vaccinate children when they are looking at cold-like symptoms at worst. And if they did get covid after vaccination, they still have to quarantine. This makes no sense. 
World Health Organization says the COVID vax is not safe for children. The danger to them from the vax is greater than the danger of COVID itself.
The vaccine should not be approved for children until it has undergone 5 year testing and been audited by a third party. Furthermore, since children are least susceptible to the effects of the disease, vaccinating this group will have negligible effect in combating the virus and disease.
I am against mandating a vaccine for children based on the sample size. We still don't know what is in the vaccine, or its long-term effects on humans. It is one thing to encourage high-risk groups to take a chance on an experimental vaccine, quite another to force it on children who are are not in a high-risk category in any case.
Any of the covid19 vaccines have not been tested enough, haven't been around long enough to know what type of adverse reactions kids could have. Statistically it doesn't make sense to have a vaccine for small children. It just isn't safe to make these vaccines available for children. Survival rate of covid is 99%. no need to push vaccines. Do more testing. 
A person can not go back in time once you develop ADE. If the old can risk their future, for the sake of protecting themselves. That seems like a rational choice. But the young have a lifetime to protect and we shouldn't be risking their future and health if ADE is a possibility. Mandating this experimental "vaccine" is wrong, too risky, and an affront to their bodily autonomy. 
DO NOT allow this dangerous Covid vaccine to be given to children! Children are not at high risk for this illness. The vaccine will do them more harm than good. DO NOT approve the Covid vaccine for children!!!
You each will be personally responsible for any and all harm that is caused to any and all children who are given this shot and every subsequent booster. Understand that. 
Your vaccines are not working!! 11 people in my church with Covid. Only 1 wasn’t vaccinated! Lots of blood clots and strokes. Not getting your vax and certainly not making my kids and grandkids get it! 
Not enough data even for adults, adverse reactions are underreported or sweeper under the Curley. Lots of people complaining on heart issues. I would never give it to my kids. Less and less people trust vaccines no matter how many mandates government makes. There’s a reason for that. You guys lost public trust. Show real data!
In no way will my children be getting the covid vaccine. They are at no risk from covid. If it passes, which I already expect it to pass, they will be pulled from their school immediately. The day someone even tries to give my children a shot, it will be the last thing they ever do. Don’t mess with our kids. 
I feel like there hasn’t been enough time to know the long term affect of this shot. I pray your eyes would be opened. I rebuke satans hold on the reader of these comments.
Do not approve this dangerous vaccine for kids. You will harm more kids with Myocarditis than save. Once the heart is damaged it cannot be healed. Think of how many kids can be damaged for life with a vaccine for a virus that has 99.98 percent survival rate in kids! I will never allow my kids to take this vaccine! 
Please consider my kind request to NOT expend the Pfizer EUA to children ages 5-11. Thank you!
Mandating the Covid vaccines for children is criminal. We need long term safety data. This disease is not affecting kids enough to warrant this. 
No on these vaccines for young children. There has been no longer term studies. No known effects of how it will affect the kids. Children have a low transmission rates and very high survival rates. These kids do not need this vaccine. 
COVID-19 vaccines for children should not be approved as the benefit does not outweigh the risk. More long term data must be assessed before a blanketed approach to vaccinating children. 
Due to the heart issues occurring from the covid vaccines, please do not provide authorization for the vaccines in young children. Please do not allow our children to be harmed. Thank you
We will not be giving our children this vaccine and will pull them from our school district if it’s mandated. 
Please do not approve an experimental vaccine for young children. This is so serious and will have negative ramifications for thousands of children who have next to no chance of dying from Covid. This has not been tested long term. Do the right thing- not what you are being pressured to do politically. 
This is criminal. The covid vaccine is of no benefit and will only hurt these children. We have no long term studies as to what the effects will be 10 to 50 years ahead or how it may effect their children. This is a CRIME against HUMANITY. Protect our children. Stand up for the innocent!!!
Regardless of the recommendation, my children will NOT be receiving THIS vaccine. They are not threatened in their age group. There is no need to inject them with a drug that does not have years of proof as to it's effectiveness or safety. I am a teacher in the classroom and have had no fear of being exposed fry students. Do not push this down to our youngest.
Please take an honest look at the number of youngsters who can no longer play sports because of heart problems.
Stop the COVID-19 vaccine requirement for children. The value vs risk benefit is not there and would put children at risk for other issues such as myocarditis which is much more damaging to their long term health
Given the low risk to children, it would be derelict to approve these drugs so much faster than other drugs and abrogate they normal trial process used to determine safety. It takes years normally for many reasons, not all adverse affects can be known within a year or two.
You ppl need to stop forcing this poison on the legal citizens of this country. The illegals streaming across our southern border and members of congress have a "choice " whether they get it they get it or not but you want us to get it. FORGET THAT. LET'S GO BRANDON 
No mandated vaccines for children ages 5-11. They have almost zero risk of dying from covid19. They act as buffers in society as they have almost no symptoms when they are infected and get over it very quickly. No mandates for the children.
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on all available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks. There is no way this should be a decision made by anyone other than the parent(s) and their personal healthcare professional.
Children are growing and changing. Their symptoms are less than the flu. Many already accuired natural immunity. The studies are being done on children who have not been exposed. Their are many who have been exposed and those test have not been done. Lets keep our children safe and let parents decide what is best for them.
This is totally an individual decision. Unvaccinated CANNOT harm the vaccinated and vice versa. Get it if you want it. Live life and make decisions for you and your family. Period.
Please protect our children from this experimental poison! Not needed for a virus with a 99% survival rate. Please see adverse effects on fertility and consider what harm this could do to our future generations. There are MANY adverse side effects to this vaccine and they are not rare. SAY NO TO POISONING OUR CHILDREN,THEY SHOULD NOT BE EXPERIMENTED ON!
Please do not mandate children or anybody for that matter to wear masks and to get the vaccination you are destroying our civil rights 
There have been no studies about the long term affects of these vaccines on fertility. Children are at extremely low risk of serious illness from Covid and should not jeopardize possible fertility problems in the future.
There is not enough long term safety data concerning these shots that offer no immunity for a virus with a statistically 100% survival rate of children. 
Children under 12 have near 0%chance of serious illness from COVID. The spike proteins in the shot can cause permanent infertility and children should not be forced to risk their future chance to be parents. There is also risk of heart trouble in children, from the ingredients in the shots. No one especially children should risk the complications these shots may carry!
Hell no!!! I am the parent and I will decide if my kids get this poison or not! My kids WILL NOT be getting this shot!! 
I'm strongly against Covid 19 vaccination on children. There is no benefit, only do much more harm to them.Please take seriously on this issue, kids are not your experimental rat.
No I will not ever be putting the poison in my child or me . If it means homeschool. So be it. When no one is in school anymore I will expect my school tax to be refunded. 
NO NO!!! Children are not your property government!! Children have STRONG immune systems and parents are the only ones with responsibility for care and medical decisions!! WE SAY NO TO MANDATES, PERIOD!! And all the more for our children!! 
No vaccines for the kids we have freedom of choice we decide what and when they should be vaccinated 
Please say no to the vaccine for kids. Too many unknown risks
Young children do NOT need COVID vaccine mandates. The risks of vaccination are relatively significant and not 100% known, and young children generally suffer little from COVID19 anyway. They are not especially likely to spread the disease as far as I understand. Even the vaccinated can spread COVID.
I am totally opposed to giving an experimental shot to my kids. Me opongo a las vacunas experimental a mis hijos. NUREMBERG 2.0
There my children are no lab rats, and is a fact that population doesn’t get affected as the rest. Reject the emergency use for our children 
You cannot approve the vaccine to be allowed to be injected in children 5 to 11. There’s too much at risk there has not been enough testing.done. Children do not need to be vaccinated.If any child dies after you allow them to be vaccinated it will be your fault. And I will hold you fully responsible.
Fraud & Death Administrationhttps://theexpose.uk/2021/10/24/cdc-lying-about-covid-vaccine-safety-they-have-killed-over-150k/ 
Against covid vaccines for children. Against vaccine mandates for children. Against forcing children to participate in an experiment. For personal freedom: parents’ right to choose for their children. 
No to this mandatory onslaught to any human being, even a bigger NO to controlling our children with this madness! 99.8% survival rate and thats without allowing early treatment medication like ivermectin and others that have been scientically proven and used and lives saved! Do not touch our children! These vaccines for "covid" are not safe!
I am urging you not to approve an EUA for any Covid vaccine for children 5-11. They are not in any danger from Covid and have over a 99.99% recovery rate if they get Covid. More harm will be done with this shot than from Covid.
There should be no.mandating this vaccine to children at a recovery rate it has
I oppose the mandate on children. This should be considered the same as the flu shot which is optional. Extensive studies have not been done on this therefore it is not considered safe for children. This should be a parents choice! No to mandating the Covid shot to children! Thanks 
There has been enough data from VAERS to warrant more studies on long term effects of the covid vaccines on our health. We owe it to our children to take time and study this vaccine more thoroughly. We are already seeing that it's protection diminishes in less than a year- so how does it benefit the very young when their risk of dying from covid is almost zero? 
As a parent, I want the option to choose on whether my children will receive the new covid vaccine. Most is us parents just want the freedom to do what we believe is best for our children. Please please please keep the covid vaccine optional, and do not mandate this. So many of us are thankful the vaccine is available, but want the right to choose.
Please do not mandate this for children. There is not enough data collected to support the need, nor is there enough time to track adverse effects. Our children deserve our thoughtful, evidence based consideration for their medical care. Do not act in haste. 
Healthy Children do not need a vaccine. They are not at risk for serious illness. We also know that vaccine does not stop you from getting or giving COVID so it offers no protection for others. This vaccine has no long term safety data. No one knows what kind of problems could be caused by this vaccine in the future. Thank you for listening.
Hi I’m Krista a mom of four! I am all about vaccinating my four children but the covid-19 vaccine in my opinion hasn’t been studied enough for my kids to get one.. I don’t think it is humane to be pushing this vaccine on anyone, especially our children. Stop this vaccine mandate!!! 
This is not proven safe for people and should not be administered to children.
We need freedom of choice not mandates. You are taking away our rights.
Most parents make decisions based on love and concern for their children. Let parents decide concerning the covid vaccine. 
This should not be mandated for young children who have a recovery rate of 99.9%. Parents should have the right to choose if they want their children to get this vaccine.
I am against vaccine mandates, as they do not satisfy the strict scrutiny test held by SCOTUS.
Please these injections (now being called vaccines under a new definition for these) are genetic treatments that should not be given to children. They have not been studied long enough. IT IS AN ABOMINATION TO EXPERIMENT ON THEM. PLEASE CEASE AND DESIST THESE EVIL EXPERIMENTS. CHILDREN SHOULD NOT HAVE TO PROTECT [EVEN IF THESE WORKED AND THEIR EFFICACY IS ALSO IN QUESTION] older adults anyway
I strongly come against any vaccine mandates, but especially those for children!! These are unproven, potentially harmful and unnecessary for children. Please register my strong opposition against any vaccine mandates!!Thank you,Pam
I am a single father of two kids in the public school system. I object to the idea of the government forcing my children to get anymore shots that I do not agree with them getting. It’s bad enough that the government already forces my kids to get other shots. Now they are scandalously forcing my children to be involuntary test subjects for a new shot.
This administration’s eagerness to vaccinate children is alarming. It completely ignores several EU countries that have halted vaccinations to children, at least one nation deems it unsafe enough to stop vaccinating teens. The dangers are real. I would vastly prefer my children to catch a virus that presents almost zero threat to a youngster than risk heart damage and who know what else?
No mandates for vaccine for kids, this is ridiculous more people die from flu than covid specially for kids. I will pull my kids from public schools if this was to happen. This is a medical choice that should be by parents not the government or the cdc. 
STOP with this already!!! You are poisoning our people and now going after our children. Our immunity will do its job fine
This shot is not a vaccine. It is an untested experiment on the human race. There has been so much deception I can not trust anything to do with this gain of function fraud 
How can a drug that ha no long term studies be given to healthy kids ?
There is ZERO data supporting the need to vaccinate any child. The widely available data would suggest that giving experimental gene therapy to 1 million kids will prevent 1 death and cause 20 deaths from adverse reactions. This would be a negligent undertaking and those pushing it or mandating it will be held responsible.
Please do not grant EUA for the Pfizer vaccination in children aged 5-11. This would be a reckless abuse of your power. Children are very unlikely to become seriously ill from the COVID virus, and can not spread it without symptoms. We have no idea of the long-term effects of this experimental vaccine, not to mention the serious side-effects that would be under-reported. 
Kids do not need this vaccine it has been statistically proven Covid is NOT a danger to kids and the possibility of vaccine injury is to great and only having studied the results after a few months on 3,000 kids is NOT sufficient.
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. This could be disastrous down the road and is NOT NECESSARY!
I am against mandating ANYONE be forced to take this vaccine, especially children. And i will not be allowing my 8 yr old son to get it!
Do not require or recommend these new vaccines for children- there are no long term studies and there are some severe side effects for children- let children acquire immunity through their robust immune systems!
I urge you to vote NO in mandating children for Covid-19 with the mRNA "vaccine". There is not enough long term health evaluation of this new technology to risk the health of children. Please make this optional for those who wish to receive the shot. 
I do not agree with mandatory Covid 19 vaccines for children.
i disagree with giving children the covid vaccine!!!! it's not tested enough and you guys know it. don't endanger our children! this is political. and about control? regardless. DO NOT MANDATE THESE VACCINES.
In what world are we living in that we think an experimental vaccine is okay for children who have a 0.007% death rate. Our children are at greater risk from this vaccine than the actual virus. They have a higher chance of dying from drowning or choking. END this madness NOW!!! The American people are sick of it and will not continue to be pushed around while you go after our children. 
This poison is for mass depopulation of the world it needs to stop now, we are intelligent human beings not sheep 
Requiring a vaccination for Covid 19 children is irresponsible of our public health officers. The age group to be vaccinated are not suffering from the virus. There is not enough research on the vaccine to mandate it for anyone, Nonetheless, children. The number of sick do not support mandating this vaccine. 
I have two boys that we adopted from Foster to Care! We have given them a healthy loving life! I will not subject my children to a vaccine that is not necessary to the physical well being of my boys through a experimental vaccine. 
We should not be told what we should do with our bodies
Biological products, gene therapy cant be discussed as mandatory. The bill of rights is not a list of things government gave you, it`s a list of things government can`t take away from you !! Nazis also forced med procedures, remember what happened to them in late forties, just a few short years after their crimes?
16,000 deaths on VAERs and hundreds of thousands reported adverse reactions. How can you seriously consider giving this to small children? The FDA is already breaking their own regulations by allowing these shots in adults. I work in the drug industry; I understand how this process is supposed to work and you are not following protocol. 
Please do NOT mandate this drug for kids. It poses more harm than health. You are placing profits over people and the end result is a loss of personal choice and freedom. Kids are NOT AT RISK. 
I am completely against the Covid vaccine mandate for children. We should have 7-10 years of data before enforcing a vaccine on young children. The risks associated with getting COVID is extremely low for little ones. Please tune into your moral compass. I don’t believe this is ethical, not is it logical. Thank you.
When the risk of injury from un-natural and toxic ingredients (very much unknown) is greater than any measurable benefit, you must allow every child's natural immunity to work!
It is absolutely ridiculous to mandate a vaccine that does not prevent people from getting the virus. What is a vaccine if it doesn’t provide some sort of immunity. Stop this madness. 
Leave vaccine decisions up to individuals. There is absolutely no need to force people to comply to feed their families and pay their bills. This is an individual, personal discision that each person needs to make for themselves. Do no mandate children. There is virtually no threat to their health. These vaccines are showing more and more side effects that are detrimental to people’s lives. 
My daughters should not be forced to take a vaccine that is still being tested to see why many report a change in menstrual cycles. Testing is literally being started now. Why mandate the vaccine now? There’s less of a chance of my child having severe covid problems and more chance their ability to have children may be influenced by this vaccine. We will not comply. 
Please do not approve covid vaccines for children. There have been many documented and many undocumented side effects with adults. These side effects only stand to get worse with children as they are not finished growing and developing.
Parents should have the right to decide what is beat for their children. Thisnsoncalled vaccine has not been proven to be effective. Inwork as a teacher ans in an see the social and emotion damage we are doing to our children. It needs to stop!!!
Government mandating this vaccine for children is 1) usurpation of parental rights; 2) gross irresponsibility and 3) unnecessary. Stop trampling on our rights and stop acting like dictators. 
It is ABSOLUTELY UNNECESSARY & A CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY to expose CHILDREN to an experimental “vaccine”. It’s not even a vaccine & has low efficacy. JUST SAY NO PARENTS! 
Please do not require children between the ages of 5 and 12 require the Covid 19 vaccine. I have seen and heard reliable testimonies from physicians that the Covid 19 vaccine can cause heart problems in children in the stated age groups. Please do not recommend the Covid 19 vaccine to these children. Thank youLeslie Behm
As an engineer...I see no relevant research confirming the need for children to get the jab. Please follow your scientific background..not the ministrations of political and pharma hacks
The risks of the vaccine are greater than the risk of Covid complications for kids. Please spare our future from these insane mandates.
You cannot make a sovereign human being to inject themselves or their children with ANYTHING...by threat, by force, or by withholding basic rights!! Nuremberg Code anyone??! Please show you aren’t actually as evil as everyone thinks you are and reconsider what you think you are doing. 
Please do not approve the use of these EUA vaccines for 5-11 year olds. Since these vaccines are still in clinical trials until 2023 & there have been many adverse reactions & deaths reported after injections, there is no reason to vaccinate the children. 
1776 is about to repeat if you keep this sh¹t up!Some of us don't take too kindly to tyrants or dictators.
My childMy child is not property of the government. No mandates for health intervention. 
I oppose this premature approval. Children statistically aren’t at risk for Covid. To make a vaccine for people who aren’t at risk is only a potential for harm. 
I've got two adult family members with life changing adverse reactions from vaccine. Neither can work. Please do not allow any more vaccinations and definitely none for children. 
5-11yr olds have never been in an emergency in United States regarding Covid-19 complications. To support vaccinations that will be used as mandatory requirements to live their lives (while still masked as Walensky noted on 10/20/21 briefing). Is unethical. *FIRST, DO NO HARM. Please leave the children alone. 
Children are not at risk. This is not authorized. Do not be on the wrong side of history. Do not approve this for use in children under 12. These poor children, please protect them from an experimental biologic. Thank you 
The risk versus reward simply does not make sense! All risk and no benefit
It is unfair that children should get the COVID vaccine. They are young, they are still growing. We don’t know how this will effect them . Please do not enforce the vaccine.
Please don’t mandate these experimental vaccines for our children. As time goes on we see how ineffective they truly are. Children are at very low risk. Please do not give this drug to our children, untested and unnecessary. 
These shots are dangerous for adults, very dangerous for children. Children have almost no risk from death due to covid, and are much more likely to suffer from the ill effects of this experimental mRNA therapy 
If you force this on as you’ll see us rise up as never before because parents will protect their children. And many of us parents believe that the vaccines have not been proven safe. They could not have been as the testing time is not enough to have allowed to know if it works and is safe you well know. You are still pushing this through and we do not know why, but we will not stand for it
I will personally volunteer to dispose of all those vaccines or give them back to the creators (Bill Gates, WHO, Fauci, etc. you can give them and their families a shot every day, etc), before these vaccines get anywhere near the precious children of our dear planet earth.
The risk to children getting Covid or even spreading Covid is miniscule...The side effects of the shot far outweigh any perceived benefit. The shots are already causing adverse reactions in the general population... Please don't jeopardize children's health...it would be criminal... Please vote against it. Thank You
What guarantee does my child have that they will NOT have any side effects etc. in 15 years, Such as infertility, after receiving a Covid 19 vaccine?
Our children should NOT be exposed to these experimental drugs. The long term effects are not known 
Please allow parents to decide what is best for their children. Vote against Regulations.gov Document-FDA-2021-N-1088-0001
This mandate does not make sense these children are at little to no risk you cannot mandate this it will be opposed , parents will refuse and then what are you going to?do
I do not agree with the vaccine for 5-11 years. This should not be a mandate for the children.
How can you force people to take the vaccine when people are getting sick or dying from the vaccine. 
I am firmly AGAINST this vaccine for children!! We do not know long term effects.
I am opposed to this vax in children. Children are not effected by this and the side effects we are currently seeing are worse than the virus. We also will not fully know all of the side effects for a very long time. This virus carries almost a 99% survival rate as well. 
First of all, this is not a vaccine, according to THE SCIENCE!! It is a drug, derived from aborted fetuses!!!! Any person of faith should not touch this farce
Kids should not be forced to take vaccine... they are not at risk
I am against vaccinating anyone, especially children. I think the FDA and everyone involved should be held accountable.
The Vaccine is not safe and the Corona virus is not dangerous for them- don’t let a permission to that, no one knows what influence the vaccine on children for the long terms
 Mandating the Covid-19 vaccines, especially for children, is unethical and negligent. Please do the right thing and halt vaccination recommendations until reports have been fully investigated, documented and data is thoroughly analyzed to make sure the benefits outweigh the risks. Please do the right thing so we may be able to once again trust your institution. 
Please do not approve these vaccines for children this young. They need to complete the long term studies to verify them. Not only that, young people are not getting violently ill like some adults, and don't need this. In fact the natural immunity they get from having covid is better than the vaccine. 
I strongly oppose the use of these experimental injections on anyone, but especially on young children. Children are in the lowest risk group and this experimental treatment poses a greater threat to them than covid-19. There is no reason for children to take this vaccine. The potential side effects far outweigh any benefits. 
Our children are not test subjects, we will not consent. Vaccines for children 5-12 makes no sense whatsoever. Please stop this demonic experiment 
I oppose mandating vaccines for children ages 5 and up. I believe this will topple the education system with more and more parents choosing to homeschool to avoid this vaccination, which will remove funding from schools that exist to make children flourish. 
 Why is it not optional to show proof of antibodies instead of the vaccine mandates for adults as well??? If you really cared about our health and science then why does natural immunity not count!?! It has been proven over and over to be stronger than the vaccine for Covid. Do not approve and experimental vaccine for children 5-11 years old. 
Forcing a minimally tested vaccine on a population of minors who run little to no risk of longstanding issues from covid when the vaccine itself has already shown many dangerous side effects to minors is reckless and disgusting. Children are not lab rats. Please keep your vaccine to the elderly and at risk individuals. 
No I do not support mandating the Covid vaccine for children. I think you will cause more disruption by doing so than already has occurred through the pandemic. Make it available and the parents who wish to get it, can do so. Just leave it at that. 
No mandates for our kids!!!! That is a parental decision, and it’s not FDA approved!!! And has been proven to be an incredibly dangerous shot. 
Stop pushing vaccine mandates on children who have nearly zero risk of hospitalization or death from COVID-19. Pfizer’s own study trial data shows that children are 107 times more susceptible to death from the vaccine, than from COVID-19 itself. It is clear this is no longer a matter of health and safety, but rather a matter of money and other personal interests.
Please do not ok using American children as lab rats. There is no justification to use an experimental gene therapy with no long-term studies on the next generation. Protect the next generation who are at VERY low risk from Covid-19 and who have an EXTREMELY low death rate from Covid by saying no to this authorization. They are counting on you to do what is right.
The risks do not outweigh the benefits. This experimental vaccine should not be forced on healthy children due to the possible severe side effects and lack of data on the long term effects of the vaccine.
No one show be mandated to take this stuff, especially NOT children!!!!
Children are rarely at risk of death or serious harm from Covid-19. This EUA 'vaccine' has not been studied long enough to ascertain the risk to children. Do not experiment on our children.
No mandates. Recommendations are always acceptable but we all need to be allowed to determine what is best for our children. We are all uniquely made and that means individual choice. 
Kids do not need these vaccines , there are virtually unharmed by covid. The vaccines don't keep them from getting covid. They need to get exercise , sunlight, and eat well. The risks are so much higher than any possible benefits , please deny it . Please save our children from this! Look at all the side effects and cases of myocarditis in teenagers.
Simple we live in a country that we have the right to a choice! Not NO to a mandate!!! 
Do not manage this vaccine for children. That is dangerous and corrupt. As an ICU nurse I have witnessed horrific side effects from the covid vaccine. This would be a very unsafe mandate!! 
long-term side-effects are unknown and will continue to be for possibly years . Children are low risk from covid natural immunity offers excellent protection Early treatment therapeutics are effective and underutilized 
I will not vaccinate my children with Covid-19 vaccine. I do not trust the FDA or most of the elected officials. Stop using the American people as a pawn in your money games. 
I am vehemently against the Covid Vaccination of 5 to 12 year old children. You would be doing a great disservice to force such an atrocity on parents of these young children. Stop this insanity.
This vaccine stuff needs to stop, you are directly responsible for the genocide of millions of people. One should never be coerced to receive medical treatment they do not not need. Stop this now. Stop lying. Stop the genocide. Stop the coercion. 
No mandating vaccines for covid on our children!!!!
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
I firmly reject the idea of giving children the "vaccine". Children have a near zero risk of contracting or dying form Covid yet their risk of complications or death from the vaccine are real and significant. It is unconscionable to me that a vaccine contained aborted fetal tissue and that poses such a great risk would be imposed upon them! Human decency and logic must prevail! DO WHAT IS RIGHT! 
Children will receive no benefit from vaccination, and can well be hurt by the covid vaccines, especially young men and boys who can suffer from myocarditis at a great degree. Please do not mandate more vaccines for children, who already have to be injected with more than 60 doses during childhood for various other diseases. COVID-19 itself passes little risk to children younger than 18.
I am adamantly against mandating vaccines for our children. We need to research on long term effects, and the high myocarditis rates among young males.... in addition to children not being in the high risk age group. This choice should be that of the parent, not s regulatory agency. Please vote NO!
It's become evident that the CDC, NIH and FDA are no longer functioning institutions. They have become the marketing department for Big-Pharma. We will not accept your advice or mandates any longer they are in clear violation of the law and are hostile to humanity. Sincerely,Everyone
No children should be given the covid jab. In fact, NOVODY should be forced or coerced into taking this jab. This nonsense needs to stop. The government should NOT be in charge of OUR health choices. They should stick with be protecting our rights , which they are continuing to fail at that as well.
Please DO NOT issue any type of authorization for any of the COVID shots for use in children. The long term effects of these drugs are unknown & the health of our children is too important to rush!
NOOOOO!!!!!! Is this loud enough?? You have overstepped your common sense yet again.. unproven and against the will of God…. How dare you!
I don't want vaccine mandate for any human being. 
The virus does not affect the children in any negative way. They should not be mandated. The vaccine should be a choice for whoever wants it. Please don’t harm our children by making this vaccine mandated. 
I don't think under any circumstances that Covid 19 Vaccines that have not been tested on this age group should be mandated. Additionally, unknown risks relative to the nature of theses vaccines relative to how most vaccines are developed is questionable in it's effectiveness and unknown in it's long term effects. A
There is NO reason at all for children to get this vaccine. They are not at risk. For anyone to insist kids take the shot to save others is actually disturbing since this vaccine has not been adequately tested.
Children do not need the vaccine. Their immunity is strong as is and when in contact with covid they receive mild symptoms. You endanger children's lives by opening them up to the side effects that is more dangerous to them than covid now. Children are our future and we should not be using them in experimental vaccines for the sake of profit. 
These covid "vaccines" should not be given to children, much less mandated. With all the adverse reactions that those 12 & older have experienced with the vaccines, it's reprehensible to give it to children whose chance of dying from COVID is miniscule (.0008). History will not look favorably on this horrific practice.
Not enough data to support Covid vaccines, they are not safe in the short long and no one knows effects at long time. Stop supporting laboratories and pharmaceuticals business 
No vaccinations for kids!! Such action is beyond questionable and scientifically unsound!
Do not do this. It is wrong and you know it. They don't need it. Your avarice is showing.
My kids will not take this fake vaccine that causes more harm than good. Stop with all your bs communist orders, I will do what's best for my kids and it doesn't include the shot that dumass Joe Biden say or how he wants to control how we raise our kids
I’m against all government mandates requiring vaccinations. This should be the individual choice of each person as a basic human right not controlled by the government. Please consider this in all discussions about this issue.
These vaccines should not be mandated for children at all. There are not enough long term studies done. I am not assured that these are safe for children and therefore they should not be forced without proper long term studies. You can't possibly know long term side effects after only a year or less of testing. No Covid 19 mandates for children!!!
No mandatory vaccines for our children! They are dangerous and useless, natural immunity is best
These shots will kill our children and ate untested unproven and unwanted. The pharmaceutical companies and the FDA are charlatans selling elixirs on the side of the road. Stay away from our kids.
Please do not approve this shot for children ages 5-11. There is no health emergency for children in this age group, and not enough data exists to support the upcoming mandates that will follow.
Children do not need vaccines from a virus that has 99.9% survival rate for their age! Let their natural immune system do the work! Enough is enough. 
I feel it is reckless to administer the products with no long term safety studies for children . The benefit/ risk must be measured . These products carry a risk of injury and death , along with heart issues , strokes , and blood clotting . Please reconsider approval for these vaccines for the sake of children’s health . It’s the right thing to do.
I completely oppose any type of COVID vaccination for any child! This is unethical and intrusive and morally corrupt. This is abusive. If you have any decency in you do the right thing and stop this madness. 
We will not comply. Your leadership is insane and you all need to be replaced. Start speaking up for what is true!! If you really believe that vaccines are necessary, seek out the help you need!
Our children our healthy snd go not need these horrible shots You have no right to be involved in parental decisions !
With two kids and the likely hood of them dying from COVID 19 is .0007% More kids have died in this year from gang shootings. Please use your heads and have logic and vote no for any mandates
I plead you to NOT force this jab upon our children. This shot should not be a prerequisite for attending school either. The freedom to make medical decisions and the freedom to attend school should never be taken from us.
You can't trust the government even as much as you could before! It's all too thin the populations and slash the red ink off the books. The CDC can no longer be the "Trusted Authority". They are trying to protect their reputation by lying and carrying on the charade. Please, don't let them murder any more children!
Children should not be mandated to take the covid-19 vaccine. It is potentially harmful but even more importantly than that, it is unnecessary at this time to give healthy children (and adults) an experimental vaccine that they don’t need. Let their healthy immune systems do the work it was designed to do. 
I feel strongly that covid vaccines should NOT be mandated. The vaccine is still experimental and there are too many known side affects already. 
It has been shown that children are Not being affected by covid-19. They do Not need to be vaccinated against it!!
Do not make any covid 19 vaccine fda approved there are to many side effects and deaths because of them, any mrna vaccines have not been approved for a reason , I work in the medical field and I fear for my life being jabbed by this unsafe product 
No Covid vaccines for kids 5-11! This is irresponsible to use our children as test animals!
The Covid vaccine mandate for children violates individual freedom of choice. It should be a decision for a parent not a governmental authority. This violates our fundamental liberties. It should be a choice not a mandate.
Stay out of my kids lives. We raise our kids not you. It’s our choice. Don’t you say “My body, my choice.” ?? 
There is not enough benefit to 5-11y olds for an experimental drug, zero long term data, and low death rate of the virus to children. 3 EU countries won't even give US covid vaccines to under-30 year olds. 
All, I am strongly against the Vaccine being used for children. Please give consideration the opposition Doctor's views on giving a drug to children when they have little risk to the COVID 19 virus. We never completed the trial version of the vaccine before it was regulated. There is a great caution to folks getting the virus after being vaccinated. Thank You.
It is absolutely insane to mandate a vaccine that has known side effects to prevent a virus with >99% survival rate. There are so many questionable long term side effects to the vax it is not worth harming our children. VOTE NO ON VAX MANDATES FOR CHILDREN!!! For ANYONE!!! 
I oppose the amendment to the EUA for administration to 5-11 years of age. The virus can still be transmitted and someone can still get it. 
You people should be making the Covid "vaccines" adverse events PUBLIC. You know what the jabs are doing, and especially in the area of approving it for little children, you should reverse that and you know it. Every one of those products should be withdrawn immediately. That you are not doing so speaks volumes. You think the payoff is worth it. You'll see that it isn't.
To whom it may concern - this is simply unacceptable experimenting on young children using the parents fear to further financial gain. This is not a "normal" vaccination and 99.99% of these children are not at risk. I emplore you to stop this.
I beseech you all —please do NOT mandate this injection for children—our children are the future. I pray that you will hear GOD’s voice to convert your hearts to HIM before you make a decision that could have huge consequences for your eternal souls. Now is the time to stand up for truth and save our kids. PLEASE, BY THE GRACE OF GOD, DO NOT MANDATE THESE INJECTIONS FOR OUR INNOCENT CHILDRE
Please hold off on giving full FDA approval for the Pfizer Covid vaccine until we have more long term data to examine. The protection these vaccines provide wane quickly, and there is not enough data on the risk of myocarditis and ovarian concerns. Do the right thing, and follow the process that has been established for every other vaccine.
Why would you subject children to a lifetime of autoimmune diseases, cancer & early death?!! Please STOP this insanity!!! Nuremberg 2
This is not necessary to vaccinate children. They are the least at risk! Just stop! 
Stop immediately with mandatory mask. Read the constitution for the united states of America. You are to stop immediately. Stop immediately the Covid-19 EUA vaccination schedule. Stop immediately. Period Stop
As a concerned parent and grandparent I am very concerned that this vaccine would be mandated for all children. This should be a parents medical decision for their child period. Medical freedom is my right as an American.
These EUA vaccines are NOT safe for people under 30 years old. Kids under 18 years old should NOT be in any part of EUA without parental consent.
This is a ABSOLUTE ridiculous Over Reach! Making a Vaccine that has only been available and utilized for under a year with NO LONG TERM data on Adults is ridiculous. This isn’t NAZI Germany!
Please reevaluate the vaccine mandate for children 5 and up. They have 99% recovery if they do contract. In my community there are 3 families with boys, 14years who have suffered after getting vax. Chest pain, cardiac issues. Please reconsider.
Please stop mandate to have our children vaccinated with Covid 19 vaccine.
Why would anyone force someone to get this “so called” vaccine. It’s harmfulAnd dangerous and I personally know people who have died from it. Shame on you. We do not live in a communist country. 
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. Please do not expand the COVID shot to children as young as 5. It is morally and legally wrong to authorize EUA for our young children. The side effects are clear, and putting our greatest asset, our children, at risk, is insane. Sincerely, jeannette Abshire
I think this should be the parents choice, nobody else should make it. 
Let parents or guardians, make decisions on what to give their children! Not the government!
Do not try and mandate this vaccination on our children
I do not want any forced or advised vaccine for my child regardless of school status. Forcing this vaccine if anti religious and anti American. We are a free country that is protected under the constitution. This constitution is what separates the USA from all other nations!So I say NO TO ALL MANDATED VACCINES for children and adults.
I will never accept this as the new normal I will not comply !!!
I request the FDA to not approve any vaccines for young children as these have been proved to be very unsafe.
I don't want my kids forced to take this fake vaccine created my Epstins friends.
Children should not be mandated to take an experimental biologic that they have a minuscule chance of dying from.
Hands off of our children. How dare you try to force an experimental drug rife with complications on young children? No. We will not comply. And you will feel our decision on Election Day as those ballots roll in.
Do NOT ‘approve’ the experimental injection for children Thank you 
I am not opposed to vaccines, I have vaccinated my children and myself, however people should have the choice!! Please please please do not mandate this or any vaccine! Give people all the information and let them make the decision for themselves!
VRBPAC please oppose amending the vaccine for emergency use in our children 5 to 11 years old
I do not support mandates for children ages 5-11 to get the vaccine to covid. Instead, education and encouragement are my recommendations.
Children should NOT be required to be vaccinated without the permission of their parents and pediatrician. Currently this vaccine is in the experimental phase and opens up persons that receive it incredibly available to many serious reactions and it has shown not to be substantially effective to prevent the virus infection!
If you dare to try injecting our children with an experimental gene therapy that has already killed hundreds of thousands of teens and adults, you will start the second American Civil War! You will be held accountable.
I am pro vaccine but anti-mandate. Risk to children from Covid is incredibly low and this should be their parents choice, not the government. Adults at risk can already be vaccinated and protected from child transmission. Mandates are tyrannical, unethical, and anti-American.
Please do not add covid 19 vaccine to the list of vaccinations for our children! There are no long term studies done and we have no idea what the effects will be on them. This may do more harm then good considering cases are not serious for children. We as adults need to protect our kids from subjecting them to possible future health complications!!! 
I don’t believe children should be given an experimental vaccine that we don’t know the long term effects of. Ask again in 10/15 years? 
As a mother of two elementary school aged children I strongly urge you to oppose the vaccine approval until there is more information about any adverse reactions and side effects. Thank you
This is absolutely madness. The government has NO RIGHT mandating vaccines on anyone, let alone children. LET PARENTS DECIDE. 
No Covid vaccines for kids! There is not enough data showing the Covid vaccine is safe, effective AND necessary - stay away from our kids.
I strongly disagree with the approval of the Covid shot for minors without further research 
Please oppose EUA to administer the vaccines against COVID to children 5-11 years old. Children are not at risk and this vaccine is causing damage and death. If you pass this, you are subject to the Nuremberg Code.
I am a health care practitioner who researches widely on vaccine issues, and I encourage you to halt vaccine mandates for children. There are too many adverse signals coming out in recent studies. Plus, children are at ultra-low risk for Covid 19 and its variants. 
I strongly oppose vaccines for my children. Covid is NOT killing children. Why should I take a chance with an experimental drug? I will not compromise their health or force them to be shields for adults. They have suffered enough. I refuse to comply! If I have to pull them out of school I will. No hesitation! 
Why would you inject the future generations with a supposed vaccine that you have no idea what the long term effects areIs it your intent to sterilize the future generations?These kids are not even at risk from COVID, stop the insanity
What I can’t understand is there have been No long term studies on the Covid 19 vaccine as they have with past vaccines??? The death rate of 5-11 years olds is less than .5%. Why on earth would you give children this vaccine?? 
There is no emergency for children and covid! Do not authorize any EUA or any approval for this vaccine in small children. The risk is too high and covid risk is almost non existent in this age group. Time to face reality and force vaccine manufacturers to go through their regulatory process of developing vaccines instead of rushing this out. 
Do not mandate a vaccine with side effects over a virus with almost none. This will accelerate the exodus from public schools.
Children are not at risk. You know this. Do not be criminal and force this. 
This vaccine simply has not been tested enough for children of these ages - this should not be a human experiment (illegal!), where the risks outweigh the possible benefits the use of these vaccine should be stopped immediately. 
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
Children are not at risk for Covid. Children ARE at risk for side effects of the vaccine. Please do not even consider mandating or even approving, the vaccine for children! 
Stop this madness. The vaccine should have longer trial period in order to be 100% safe for children. I will never do it for my child, I would rather do homeschooling my child, or immigrate to another country. Our family is fully vaccinated, but I am not ready to vaccinate my child. 
Biological products, like the vaccines, are not a one-size-fits all product. Please facto this into consideration, as different things work for different people. These vaccines should be examined for at least a couple of years to see how the product works. 
Please do not mandate this vaccine that is still in its clinical trials. It is usually trialed on animals first.
Vote NO on vaccination mandates for children under the age of 12. The medical data clearly does NOT support this requirement. Total Covid death in this demographic since 2/2020 is minuscule, and those deaths were accompanied by significant co morbidies.
Please vote against mandating or even offering Covid-19 vaccines to our children. They have a 99:998% chance of survival without a vaccine. They have a much higher incidence of myocarditis and other side affects from the vaccine. We need to you to put a stop to this! Vote against this injustice against our children and our freedom!
Children are not at high risk and should not be forced to be vaccinated. Especially now that we know the NIH admits to funding gain-of-function research at Wuhan! Also, Pfizer Scientist Nick Karl admitted the vaccine just doesn't work in some people. Pfizer's own Vanessa Gelman admits the vaccine contains fetal cells. 
Mandating the covid Vaccination for children 5-12 years against a virus with a 99% survival rate is just wrong. Let kids be kids! Don’t bring them in to this experiment 
These injections are trial until 2023. I do not consent. 
I object to vaccinating our young ones, 5 years young and above. SCIENCE shows children are practically immune to COVID 19. Flow the science and do not vaccinate our young ones!
It is a complete atrocity to vaccinate our children with a vaccine that has been studied for less than a year.. what a disgrace this country has become 
Experimental injections are not appropriate for an age group with a 99.9997% survival rate. This is not following the science, this is following the money.
It is too new to be testing this vaccine on our children!!
Please do not mandate medical procedure on our Children. The Covid injections are not only NOT safe for Children but totally unnecessary!These mandates are in defilement of the Neurenberg Code! 
No covid vaccine mandates! Big NO to mandates for children. They are not at risk. Do not experiment on our children. Ever. 
The Covid vaccine is dangerous and irresponsible. It has not gone through the testing like other vaccines. I am against the Mandate!! My children will not be Guinea pigs! Where are our constitutional rights? isn’t this the United States of America? 
I discouraged you to approve the mandate for the vaccine for children ages 5 to 11. I am firmly against the approval of the Covid vaccine! It is unconscionable to consider mass vaccination. This is a virus with high survival rate. Please do not allow this to be approved! 
I am a concerned citizen regarding the covid vaccine for children. These supposed safe vaccine have not had the standard allowable time to be tested. They are simply an experiment on humans. The reported side effects and or lasting side effects are dangerous to all individuals. I strongly oppose this vaccination for children for this reason.
I believe it is unthinkable and cruel to make it mandatory for children to get an unsafe vaccine. If it is so safe why force people to do it. 
For the love of God DO NOT pass this vaccine for children; THEY ARE NOT AT RISK!! Anyone who is for this will have the blood of injury on their hands for those who will be injured by these vaccines.
The immune system for children is more effective, and with less risks, than the vaccine. Please do not approve this. Thank you.
Please do not mandate vaccinations for children (any anyone for that matter).
There is no data to support EUA for kids for the covid 19 vaccine. More kids die annually from the flu, car accidents, and drownings than from covid. Your approval would be purely political. Please stand strong against this vaccine.
Parents should be allowed to decide what is put in their children’s’ body, not the government !
Covid vaccines should not, under any circumstances, be mandated for minors. This particular vaccine does not have a track record as to long term side effects and parents should be allowed to continue making decisions for their minor children without facing penalty or required vaccinations of any kind. 
I am adamantly against approving covid 19 vaccines for ages 5-11. For one they are basically at zero risk. ZERO! This jab which is not a legal vaccine has not been tested and there has already been countless injuries and heart problems in the younger generation that have received this experimental jab. Please DO NOT approve for ages 5-11. Stand strong. 
How dare you inject poison into America’s children. If people haven’t woken up yet, this will be a rude awakening when innocent children become sick because the government convinced their parents to sign them up for a science experiment. WE DO NOT CONSENT.
I am opposed to vaccinating our young and practically immune population. 
I oppose the covid vaccine for children 5-11. The risk from harm from the vaccine far exceeds its benefit for a virus that is >99% survivable!
As a grandparent I’m very concerned about the safety of this vaccine for children. Although there have been many tests there is still too many questions about its effectiveness and many concerns about the risks. Please don’t approve this vaccine for children because too many government officials will force it on our families. 
People have had Covid and were asymptomatic,ESPECIALLY CHILDREN. Natural immunity is better than a shot. People, ESPECIALLY CHILDREN and young men, should be tested to see if they have had covid, i.e.natural immunity BEFORE ANY MANDATORY VACCINE mandate!!!! Explain why this is NOT common sense "following the science."
As a nurse, undergrad in biochemistry and masters level immunology classes, I can say 100% from looking at the data children are getting more injured by these injections than from contracting or having symptomatic COVID-19. I know the makers of these policies know that. I will support criminal trials for anyone who advocates injecting our children with these experimental death drugs.
This is so unnecessary and can have terrible unknown consequences as the vaccines have not gone through long-term testing. Do any of you remember thalidomide? Children are the least susceptible to this virus and tend to recover quickly. Big Pharma is laughing all the way to the bank.
According to CDC's own Data 0.0% of kids aged 5-11 die of Covid. It is not necessary to Vaccinate our Children."Do not lay hand on anyone hastily, nor share in other people's sins; Keep yourself pure." 1 Timothy 5:22 
Approving an experimental therapeutic for children for an illness which has such a low mortality rate (approx 500 children have died) and low pediatric transmission rate is not ethical. The risk of adverse affects is greater than the risk of illness. Our children should always come first. Wait another year till more data comes forth to make such a monumental decision with our children's health. 
Leave our children alone. We all know there is a higher chance of them getting myocarditis from the vaccine than dying from covid. Is the FDA going to pay for all the vaccine injuries? The cure should not be worse than the disease. 0.02% chance of children dying from covid. We also know (as you do) that the leaky vaccines are driving mutations. Stop. 
No Covid 19, corona virus mandates for children! It should be a parents choice! There is minimal risk to children and more time should be spent making decisions for our kids. I also believe mandates for adults should not exist. It should be free choice, push education about vaccines. 
Our children are at the lowest risk of catching Covid. There is no need to vaccinate our children. It appears you are looking to mailed monetary gain from these vaccines. Please promote, feeding our children to nourish their health instead. Again, please do not take away my right to protect and nourish my own children. 
I am against taking away a child’s freedom and choice. Mandating a vaccine for young children who are unable to educate themselves on the COVID vaccine is NOT freedom and is NOT what we stand for in the USA. Show me the science that 5-12 year olds are facing an emergency with C19! Prove that the shot is beneficial and poses no risk! 
Provide the OPTION for the vaccine for kids ages 5-12, but DO NOT MANDATE the vaccine. Coercion is not the same as consent. 
I do not believe in mandating vaccines for anyone, let alone our children. There are not enough studies and not enough truthfulness to this whole Pandemic. I trust no one.
Please do not approve this experimental MRNA drug for children. Their immune system is all they need to fight of covid. No vaccine is better than a natural immune system.
DO NOT SUBJECT our children to this madness! This is an untested inoculation and the number of deaths/injuries/hospitalizations so far in adults is staggering. The children are not carriers, spreaders, or susceptible to this virus. The FDA will be held liable for the harm/death of many children if you pass this.
This is a bad idea to vaccinate children giving too large a number disabilities that could last a life time. There have been too many problem to continue this crazy power that is not democracy
Please do not put our children at possible risk with a vaccine that they do not need and we do not know the long term effects of. 
Mouse A asks his friends will you get the covid vaccine ? Mouse B answer: are you crazy ? the vaccine is still being tested on humans. FDA officials, leave the kids alone !. you already hurt so many adults.
Please stop killing people but especially the children. 
You need to follow the real science not the science the FDA, pharma, and fauci want us to follow it’s all political 
Under no circumstances should children be vaccinated against a virus that poses such a small risk to them. I am adamantly opposed to vaccinating children.
The amount of reported VAERS adverse effects on youth should support a decision to NOT allow these vaccines to be available to 5-11 year old children. Doing this would be willful neglect and will have harsh consequences on vulnerable children. Children are not vectors of covid so allowing them to achieve natural immunity is best. Please put children over profits.
“ Please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. It is too early to be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Thank you!”
I’m my opinion we don’t need to be giving any children this mrna enhancer. I really don’t think adults need it. Even if they do we needed to study the lasting effects. What happens with it in 10 years 20 year and so on let’s leave all the kids out of it. We just need to wait and see some outcomes before we test this on our children. 
NO vaccine mandates. NO COVID vaccines for kids. Currently in the UK there are more cases in vaccinated age 30+. Vaccine is not working as planned. What percentage of children are affected? Healthy children? Healthy adults? Please look at all the data https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/1027511/Vaccine-surveillance-report-week-42.pdf
I do not feel safe getting the vaccine for myself & even less so for my 5yo daughter. I do not believe it's right to force a vaccine on children without parents' consent.
The covid 19 vaccine does not stop transmission for this virus that has a 99% survivability rate. Between the side effects from these vaccines, no long term studies, and that we are still in the trial phase of this new vaccine I strongly urge you to STOP the rollout of providing these vaccines for our young children
We shouldn't be mandating the vaccine for anyone! Children are at more risk from the vaccine than actual Covid. 
Absolutely will NOT allow my children to be vaccinated with a COVID vaccine. All of my children had COVID and recovered without issues. Their bodies are designed to build immunities.
Most of us are parents and grandparents. We have seen the heartaches of family who have lost loved ones for various reasons. Or perhaps those who lived, but were incapacitated the rest of their lives. There is not reason enough, to justify such a mandate to be executed upon children. 
I am against any vaccine mandate that has not had years of testing including RCT in all age groups but particularly children. Please consider the future health of our kids with these vaccines. We have absolutely no way of knowing the long term effects. Other countries are already blocking this vaccine from children. Please vote no and save our children
There should NEVER be a vaccination mandate. Parents/guardians should always be the ones to make medical decisions for their children. 
I am appalled that someone should take away our god given right to choice. I have no intentions of getting the vaccine. I horror at the thought my grandchildren will get repercussions of a decision not even knowing what could come of this vaccine. The harm is not reversible. Please… no mandate of vaccine.
Why you you risk the lives of children for a virus that only causes death for a small % of that age group? The vaccines have not been out long enough to see what the long term effects will be for children! Adults can make a conscious decision whether or not to take that risk but children can not! Please do not approve this!! 
We need to discuss a request to amend Phiser & BioNTech’s emergency use authorization for administration of their COVID-19 injection our babies, 5-11 year olds. We don’t know the long term effects yet of this shot. The infection rate for this age group (as well as 12-18year olds) does NOT require emergency action. It is not for their health benefit. This EUA needs to be stopped. 
Absolutely not! Children have natural immunity and don't need a vaccine! Get the masks off their faces and let them play with their friends! Enough of this crap!
I do not support COVID-19 vaccinations for children who have the lowest risk of complications from the virus.
The vaccines for children are all risk and no benefit. How will history view your actions?
To whom it may concern, It is not right to force an experimental vaccine on children. This madness needs to STOP. Thank you for your time.
I do not agree with anyone trying to froce anyone to take the vaccine against there believes no matter what age they are. We should be allowed as Americans to decide if we want to take the vaccine, don't want to take it n should be allowed to decide if we should or shouldn't give it to our children.
Do not make this experimental treatment mandatory for children. This is not a childhood disease. Let parents decide for their children. 
I will not give my children these vaccines I will take my children out of school and homeschool them!! I will sue anyone who thinks they can give my children a vaccine without my permission 
COVID vaccines for children will cause more fatalities and adverse events than would be caused by the COVID virus itself. Additionally, it is now known that the COVID vaccines do not prevent transmission of the covid virus to other people. For this reason the COVID vaccines should not be approved or recommended for children.
Please stop this nonsense and listen to more doctors and scientists than just the ones working with the government!
There has not been enough research on these COVID vaccines on small children and potential long term effects. Please consider this before approving use for children 5 and above. 
No COVID mandates for our children. Their risk is low and the “vaccine” needs more testing on long term effects. 
The risk is too great for a small fraction of the children who actually have sever reaction to Covid-19
I am a parent. I choose what goes into my child’s body and do not need scientific data to support this decision. I teach my children that if something is forced it is unsafe…rape, abuse, abduction, peer pressure, just to name a few…Vaccines have always been recommended but optional. Keep it that way. I decide what is best for the health of my family. Thank you. 
I do not consent and do not condone forced vaccination. Ever. This is unjust and will not stand! It is clear that the vaccine companies are profiting from this health crisis. There are other preventative measures that we can and should be taking. Forcing people to take a pharmaceutical product is tyrannical!! 
Please do not approve any ( Pfizer, Moderna nor the Johnson and Johnson) of the Covid-19 vaccines for the use in children. 99.999% of children are not in danger of dying from the disease.
Please carefully consider the decision to vaccinate children under 12 with the Covid vaccine. There is not enough research to warrant vaccinating these young children. Please please give this more time before mandating that children under 12 be given the Covid shot. They are the future of America. Thank you. 
Children at these formative ages should not be exposed to mRNA or other experimental vaccines. Forcing this upon people is complete overreach by the government. 
Stop illegally forcing the clot shot onto the citizens and their children. This is wrong and you are taking away our freedom. The “Covid vaccine” is killing people.
As you’ll see in the files I attach there is zero need for children these ages to have the experimental shot. Add that to your findings of what the shots are doing and the amount of harm individuals are reporting. Please do not approve this for those ages. The photos were taken 10/22/21 from the Utah coronavirus website under hospitalization and mortality rates. This is no mire than the flu. 
I had a terrible reaction to the vaccine and got myocarditis and do not want my babies to get this vaccine
Please do not ask children or adults to take these Covid vaccines. It is a choice and nothing should be asked of under any circumstances. Children should not be forced to be vaccinated or not get to attend in person school.
Children deserve long term safety trials for mRNA injections, which Pfizer has not provided (and cannot, because there simply has not been enough time.)
Covid is no risk to children. The vaccine is more of a risk than the virus. Mandating vaccines for children is just going to FURTHER DIVIDE THIS COUNTRY and cause civil unrest. STOP IT!
We do not need to mandate vaccines for ages 5-12! Vaccines should be a choice as individuals! Stop this insanity. Very concerned citizen 
Please reconsider the mandate for children. I oppose this mandate. Our niece was vaccinated and todate is suffering from blood clots. She has had surgeries and will be on blood thinners indefinitely. She was a very young healthy gal and because of the side effect of the vaccine, her life is forever changed.
I think that vaccinating 5-11 is to young there is not enough study’s done on the vaccine to prove it is safe for the Children I don’t agree on having are Children vaccinated at this young age so far there has been to many mistakes with the vaccines leave the children out of your mandates It should be the parents decision not the governments
I am against the mandatory covid vaccines for our children. This should be up to the parents and the child's health care provider. My concern is the long term effects this vaccine may have on our children. Government over reach is not the answer! Our children our choice!
Please do not mandate a Covid 19 vaccination for children who have a survival rate that is higher than the documented adverse reaction rate for the Covid vaccine.
I do not agree with mandated shots/vaccination for children period. Especially the covid19 vaccinations. Our children are not at a high enough risk to mandate this very new medical treatment. It is the parents choice not the governments. 
I do not agree with the mandate for children to be vaccinated against covid 19. Stop this process immediately. 
NO!!!!! No jab for children of any age. !, they don't need it. 2. It is toxic and life threatening regardless of the lies the government is perpetrating.NO!!!NO!!!NO!!People are waking up to the lies they are being told. When they realize what you are trying to do to their children and to them there is going to be rage like you have never seen.NO!!!!!!!
Do not mandate the Covid shot for 5 to 12 year olds. More children will die from the shot than from the illness. Use your heads. This is beyond belief. The lawsuits are growing for the adult versions. Isn't that enough?
TOO DANGEROUS FOR 5-11 YEAR OLDS! Stop the craziness. IT’s unethical and criminal to approve this with the # of injuries and deaths from these covid vaccines. STOP!! The safety data is not even in yet. And you KNOW It! Shameful
Children are less than 1% in mortality for COVID. Please do not approve a vaccine that does more harm than good for children.
I will under no circumstances vaccinate my children for covid 19.
I am totally against this. With so many risk involved leave the innocent, still developing child out of this. It was just last year when it was said “children can’t get covid”. What happened to our choice? Our rights? Let the children be. No. Please No. 
I am writing to BEG you NOT to allow children 5-11 to be injected with this EXPERIMENTAL vaccine! Please children are NOT at risk. Decide with your heart I BEG YOU!!!
Children do not even need protection from this virus, especially an untested one. 
This a door once opened you can't close, you do not have consent to inject experimental vaccines into to anyone especially our children. You are public servants you work for the people, and you live with us. No vaccine mandates period.
Please do NOT approve COVID shots for children age 5-12! The risks FAR outweigh any suggested benefits! Our children are our future!! Please do NOT experiment on them! Please deny EUA for this most precious age group!
Do not make children vaccines even suggested, for sure NOT MANDATORY! They can overcome COVID19 easier than the side effects of the vaccine.
I am writing to oppose the Covid-19 injection on the age group of 5-11 year olds. They should absolutely not be mandated to get this injection under any circumstances. 
Please do NOT mandate this for our children 5-11! We need to see long-term effects from these shots. Our children our not in danger of the virus. Please leave it to the discretion of their parents. Please don’t do this! Parents need to be heard. 
The EUA should not be expanded to include children as young as five. This vaccine is of great risk to harm our children e.g. myocarditis in young males. Transmission of CoVid among children is rare, 99.99815% of children who contract CoVid survive.
The FDA has no place mandating or pushing CV19 "vaccinations" onto children 5-11 YO. Actually given the amount of adverse reactions to these injections - the FDA - if it had the safety of Americans in mind - should recall them all. Children are not a risk vector for CV19 and have more risks due to these experimental treatments than from the virus itself.
There have been no long term studies on the effects of these covid19 shots on children. Based upon the VEARS reporting of deaths and adverse reactions in people, all of the shots should be stopped now.
Please do not approve these covid 19 vaccines for children they are precious and cannot defend themselves. We have no idea what these vaccines will do to them and given the amount of adverse side effects we should not be experimenting with our children. There's no evidence that children even get sick or spread the virus.
Please REJECT any action that will mandate COVID vaccines for children, ages 5-11. Please allow parents to continue to have authority over their child's health.
Ik bid tot God onze Hemelse Vader, dat Hij u in Jesus' Machtige Naam op andere gedachten brengt en de nodige wijsheid, inzicht, waarheidskennis en gewetensvolheid instort. 
The people of the US absolutely do NOT want our kids taking an experimental drug. It's not safe or effective. You can still be infected and infect others after taking the experimental shot. DO NOT try and give this to our kids. 
There is absolutely no need for a vaccine for covid virus for children or young adults. The immune system of the human body is fully capable of fighting a viral infection, if contacted.
I do stongly disapprove of consideration to mandate the Covid vaccine for anyone, much less children ages 5 through 12. 
DO NOT vote to approve the Pfizer vaccine for children at all!!!!!!!
Kids aren’t high risk or super spreaders. There are no long term studies, no liability, no fda approval, no insert. This is a bad idea. Please stop the mandate.
Children 5 through 12 should NEVER be subjected to an experimental injection that is NOT APPROVED (THERE IS NO EMERGENCY) for them. How you got away with this for teens and adults is criminal. Check the VAERS website for proof.
Approving an experimental vaccine for a population that has a 99% success rate with this disease is ridiculous. Please remember the Hippocrates oath. First do no harm. This vaccine is NOT safe and effective. 
Children are at very low risk of adverse outcomes if they contract covid 19 and are at low risk of passing the virus to others. These therapeutics should not be mandated for young children to take. 
Please do NOT authorize this experimental injection for our children. Children do not need another quick fix for a disease that they’re already barely prone to getting in the first place. 
The FDA, CDC and federal government seem bent on tearing this country apart by pressuring, and in some cases FORCING American citizens to take part in clinical trials without honest informed consent, in violation of International And US law. And now you are considering expanding that to children 5-11? Enough! We will not comply with your unethical criminal demands!
Please do not add young children to the lists of those being vaccinated with these new civid vaccines
There is no long term data on the covid vaccine. I cannot imagine vaccinating the children, the next generation, against a disease that has relatively low risk to them with a vaccine we know relatively nothing about. We will not accept this for our children. 
Please do not approve the use of this vaccine on children. We don’t know enough about the long-term effects. In addition children are rarely effected by the virus. I’m sure several of these children have antibodies. Maybe we should be testing for that. The survival rate is still at 99%. Thank you for reading this and listening to our concerns. 
You don’t have enough data to say they’re safe! You can’t mandate an experimental vaccine. I don’t want my kids to have issues later with their reproductive system . Too many adults are already having side effects why would we put our children through this? And why are we letting money be the reason we are forced to vaccinate our children??
Do NOT mandate the Covid vaccine for child. Look at the data and research!!! We are risking our future, our population.
Please stand up for the health freedom of children who are not at great risk to covid. myocarditis is becoming way too prevalent among the younger generation. heart problems are far more dangerous to them than covid itself and the stats back that up.
Children are more at risk from the side effects from vaccinations then from getting sick and/or dying from Covid-19. Parents, not government need to decide health care for their children.
Regarding the FDA meeting to discuss mandating vaccines for children ages 5-12. I want to express my strong opposition to vaccinating children. The vaccine is more harmful to children than the actual Covid-19 virus is to them. The vaccine is still under EUA and there needs to be more studies done to insure that we do not harm these children. Sincerely, Jim Schmaus
I strongly oppose the approval of a covid vaccine for children. Children are not at risk. There is no way to know the long-term effects of the vaccine on these young people. 
Please do not mandate any more vaccines for children. Especially vaccines that are still technically in the experimental phase. Thank you for taking the time to listen to the people. 
What you are planning to do to the children is sinister. If you touch one child and try to ‘vaccinate’ them, I will make sure you are all held accountable and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Mainstream news does not present the medical and scientific facts concerning the harmful effects of vaccines on children.
No vaccine mandates for children or adults!!!!!!!Our bodies (and children’s bodies) OUR CHOICE!!!!!!!!! Period!!!!!!
No this is not wright kids can’t be forced to take something that will hurt them 
There is absolutely no way the government will mandate Covid vaccinations for my child. Vaccinations are not “one size fits all”, and as a parent it is my responsibility to discuss anything medical related my the pediatrician of my choice and make educated decisions to determine what my child is to be vaccinated against.
As a parent of 2 children I AM AGAINST to get children vaccinated with COVID-19 vaccines. The vaccines are neither safe nor effective and even dangerous for young children. Children do not need any vaccine against COVID-19 virus because they have very strong natural immunity. 
Significantly against the vaccine for children for horrible side effects. 
See attached file(s)How can you in good conscience approved something in the United States that is the manufacturer says should not be given to children under 16? This would be malpractice. 
It’s way too soon and studies haven’t shown safety for children who are the most vulnerable and still developing. Especially considering children are at a very very low risk for dying from covid.
Mandating a vaccine for children that has been out for a negligible amount of time and only officially tested in 2000 children is completely reckless. Almost every single drug on the market had post marketing safety data added to the label at a later date. Our children should never ever be experimented on. This should be optional and not enforced or mandated. Please DO NOT approve this.
I am not for giving children a vaccine that we have yet to determine the long range impact. We know that with early treatment they can pull through. 
Please don't mandate this. If parents want to make this choice for their kids they can, but it should be a parent's decision based on risk tolerance. Thank you.
Please don't bring mandated vaccines for our children. Look at the ingredients in them. We all have immune systems that help us with this ???? Whatever it is. A lot of children will be adversely affected if not killed. Do you want this on your conscience?
Absolutely ridiculous! Subjecting our children to your experimental vaccine!!
The risk of vaccine complications is greater than the benefit of vaccine. There is no reason to vaccinate kids who are not in danger of dying from COVID. There is no justification other than greed for allowing vaccine for kids.
You’re not coming anywhere near my kids with that fucking death jab. 
I am totally opposed to mandatory vaccines for people of any age in this country. Even if the vaccine is safe and effective, no citizen of the United States can be required to receive it. A vaccine mandate is undoubtedly a violation of basic constitutional and human rights. Please do not mandate vaccines for children. 
I strongly oppose Covid vaccine mandates for kids age 5-11 
I am a nurse with 25 years experience. I worked on the frontline all last year. I have not and will not take the covid vaccine and neither will my children. The vaccine was mandated at my work and now I know 2 nurses Permanently disabled. Where there is risk, there must be choice. Stop the mandates. 
Why would anybody who has had covid and have natural immunity require a vaccine? As well, how could we possibly approve this for children?
Do not vaccinate our children. It is the parents right to choose not the government
I am against the use of Covid-19 vaccinations in kids. This is experimental and children are not at risk for Covid-19. Stop this madness now.
If you are going to hurt these kids knowingly. Then then I and GODS Army. Are coming for you. 
Stop the proposal to vaccinate children, and anyone
Do not vote for children to be experimented on as these results have been extrapolated from adult statistics. Less than 300 kids nationwide have died and these are the one with health issues. Zero healthy kids have died and they are not vectors!
NO experimental Covid cacxine mandates for children!
We should not be handing over our children’s health to pharma! They are already talking about boosters because it’s not actually effective. Any legislators that approve this should be hung. 
The FDA does not own "We the people". "We" alone say what will or will not be on or in our individual bodies. "We" are not the property/slave belonging to the FDA or US government. The Government and FDA belong to "We the people"
As many have probably commented, kids are at more serious risk from this shot than symptoms of the infection itself. You are meant to protect our people, not intentionally put them in harms way. 
No one should be given your so-called “vaccine.” And it’s especially criminal to give this to our children. Just stop!!!
Children are simply not at high enough risk to mandate this vaccine for any of them. Parents should have the freedom to choose for their children. 
No, no, no to the vaccines! Stop them now. Too many adverse events. 
I oppose a vaccine for children ages 5-12 now being considered by the FDA. This is an untested vaccine and children rarely get Covid and have a high survival rate if they do get it.
This is absolutely disgusting. This age group has a 99.9% chance of survival so why would you inject chemicals into a child unless it benefits yourself. This is all for money. You people make me lose hope in humanity. This breaks my heart. It is not about the safety. None of this is. 
There is no reason to subject children to dangerous gene therapy that does NOT stop spread or infection. Potential damage to children from the covid injections is nothing but criminal.
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults..
Please please DON’t kill children. They are deserve to live natural healthy without drug (vaccine). 
The COVID 19 mandates to vaccination is with true merit, true rigorous testing and measure, the side effects are not worth the risk. We all will die. Stop the bludgeoning us to death all for the sake of our health. Do you see the irony? 
This is my commentary on the Covid-19 vaccine for children. I am not alone in my opinion that children should NOT be approved for this experimental drug. 
Those who give out the shot are executioners in thousands of cases. Stop giving and promoting the shots for ANY age.
Please, consider evidence showing that natural immunity is far superior to the vaccines. Give humans and especially children the opportunity to build a strong immune system as it was made to do. We know that the ages 60+ with pre existing conditions was the vast majority of deaths. Allow choice, please. 
Children are at an extremely low risk and you know it and we know. No mandates for them. You don’t have the data to back up the safety of this shot. 
I don't agree that my government is going to tell me to use a test vaccine on my child thru a mandate because the risk is not much for the benefit. 
Covid vaccines should not be approved for children. Their risk of harm from covid is much less than the risk of the vaccine, for which there is NO long term safety data
Stop hurting our children with things that they dont need. They are dying, losing mobility, and having heart problems for a vaccine that doesnt even stop the spread. Why are you wasting everyones time with this. This would never have been ok before. Their chance of death is so low almost 0. Come on! This is enough of vaccines for covid for kids 5-11 and everyone for that matter.
NO to mandatory vaccines. I will not comply in regard to my children getting them.
No vaccines for ANYONE, especially children until long term studies in the effects have been completed! We keep hearing there were no shortcuts but this is untrue… there have been ZERO long term studies like EVERY OTHER vaccine has had!
Please reconsider making the Covid vaccine a required shot for students. I am not against vaccines but feel this should be a parents choice at this point since there are no long term studies to show what the effects can be in 5-10 years from now. Please don’t take school away from kids. For most, school is a safe place for them. Kids have had to put up with enough lately. 
STRONGLY DISAGREE! Children have less than 1% chance of getting seriously ill or dying from covid. What the hell is wrong with these people that think it's OK to vaccinate our children our or mandate/force anyone else one, else including our military in 1st responders? 
PLEASE, PLEASE give us a CHOICE! This is not a COMMUNIST COUNTRY or is it? I do NOT feel that enough scientifical evidence has proven that a jab for children is helpful!
Children do not need a vaccine for COVID-19. The virus barely affects them. Children have very low transmission rates, and the vaccines do not prevent transmission. There is a variety of side effects, most of which would be more serious than the actual virus. Mandating this vaccine for children is completely absurd and I completely oppose the idea. Keep our children safe they are our future. 
The "experimental product" is NOT a proven safe nor effective vaccine. Fauci is controlling this sadistic operative and deep pocketed and souless representatives are cashing in on this agenda. You have not only signed America's death certificate you are sacrificing the children of this Natrion as well. Aren't you proud?
NO, NO, NO TO COVID VACCINE FOR CHILDREN!! I have seen many Adults around me have adverse reactions to Covid Vaccine!!! Please donot approve this for our precious children!! 
I think any medical intervention should be a parents right to decide. Every medical intervention has risks and it is the parents right to decide what is best for their child.
Please do not approve the covid vaccine for our children. If you approve this, the public will confirm that you are not practicing ethically. This virus does not impact children and there have not been enough adequate trials, especially studying the long term effects on people. If you have any conscious, you will not try to push this vaccine through. 
Do NOT mandate COVID vaccination for children 5-11 (or frankly for anyone) - see Nuremburg 
A vaccine that isn’t even out of clinical trials should not, under any circumstance be mandated for anyone, especially our children. I highly suggest our public officials vote no in requiring such a risky procedure. This is a violation of the Nuremberg code. 
Hell no. You can shove your vaccine up your ass. This is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard. 
Vaccines are a personal body choice and should not be forced or coerced on anyone. It is a personal right of conscience issue which the government of America cannot impose; especially on children. 
There will NOT be any type of COVID vaccine mandate enacted by you!
I oppose mandating the vaccine for 5 to 12 year olds.
My child’s life is worth more than what will be made off of this vaccine. I will not put my child’s life at risk, after hearing and seeing the side effects that this vaccine can cause. This vaccine is too new and we have not had enough time to study the side effects properly. And now you want to mandate it! How dare you hurt our children. 
NO MANDATES on a vaccine..... It needs to be a personal choice, especially in young growing children. 
I do not think the EU vaccine should be administered to 5-11 year olds. Too many unknowns, and the virus is normally very mild for them.
This isn't even FDA approved and should never be allowed to happen. The VAERS reports that the CDC uses prove that thus vaccine is very dangerous and not affecient. Please, no approval.
Do not mandate the shot for covid for children. They are not at risk for covid, but risk death and injury from this experimental shot. 
I have done extensive research from all over the world in regards to this experimental vaccines! And kids in this age group have a 99.98 surviving the disease! I vehemently oppose you to approve this! This is absolutely infringing on our medical decisions for our children! Please not approve! I will be praying that you will make the right decision! Thank you
This type of vaccination should be an individual’s right to choose for their child not mandated.
I am very concerned about mandate on vaccine. I have a granddaughter that is 5 and has a lot of allergys. If the Federal Government would stop mandating the vaccine the people would choose them self. Federal government should step in about all the shooting and crime where they are needed. Just like the hate on color, take care of the criminal no matter of color. 
I am pleading with you to stop this insanity and not force our innocent children to be vaccinated. It is unlawful, unnecessary and inhumane.
Please do not approve this vaccine for minors that are having serious adverse reactions including death for children that are not dying from COVID. 
I think those involved in the decision making process connected to covid have insulted the intelligence of the parents and endangered the health of their children by attempting to mandate a treatment process that has not proven itself to be very beneficial and shown to be quite dangerous in many cases. Mandating a drug under these circumstances is irresponsible and quite illegal.
I am against the Covid vaccine for children 5-12. There is no way to know yet whether or not it's safe for these children and their bodies that are still growing & developing 
I adamantly oppose the forced vaccination of our children. This Mengele-worthy experiment on unwilling victims is a crime against humanity!
Children have rapid immune systems especially at this young age. Per the statistical information children this age are .001 likely to contract it and/or get sick with severe symptoms. We do not know the long term repercussions of this type of vaccination. I’m firmly against ANY vaccine mandates.
Why are you moving so quickly with the FDA approval to vaccinate young children? Please do not use our children as test subjects. It’s unethical and immoral and I hope you can see past the monetary gains vaccinating numerous children provides. 
I oppose a mandate to vaccinate children. This is America, land of the Free, Statue of Liberty!! Free to choose what goes into our bodies. 
I think it is ridiculous to vaccinate children. This madness needs to stop. We are jeopardizing their health and well being. We do not know enough about the vaccine to know the side effects it will have down the road on children. Please do not allow to as to happen. Protect our children.
No, no, and nope! Why would anybody want their own child to inject their bodies with an untested medicine. Short answer: No one. Just like who would eat random berries they have found in a forest. Good luck trying to get that in my kids. :p 
I am a concerned mother of 3. I am concerned because the COVID-19 vaccine has not been around long enough to know what the side effects are in the long run. I feel the need ro pause and observe before making it available to children.
Children are not high risk for this virus. The vaccine does not prevent death or spread. I will not be injecting something into my children that I do not know long term effects about. 
Do not mandate experimental vaccines on children 5-11. We demand the freedom of choice. 
more people died from the vaccine than from Cavid in Taiwan.Therefore, I believe that the vaccine is not effective and should not be done
RE: Mandating COVID vaccines for children ages 5-12.This does NOT follow any science. There is a nearly 100% chance of survival in this age group, and to force a vaccine would be unnecessary. It would kill hundreds of times more children than it would ever save. NO TO THIS!
I'm 100% against the COVID vaccine, especially for children. The statistics are clear, the risks of the vaccine outweigh the risks of getting and or suffering from COVID 19. The kids have suffered enough by wearing masks where seeing their teachers faces is more important than ever. I can't believe this is even an option. 
According to the science, children easily overcome this Covid 19 virus. They do not need to be vaccinated. The vaccine is dangerous for them. It causes blood clotting and myocarditis in young people. This is crimes against humanity to do this to our children. Stop, stop, stop.
I am against mandating this horrid experimental vaccine for children 5-11. They don’t need it!! There have been no long term studies on it!! It could harm them, it does not prevent them from getting Covid, and children in that age group are not at risk from Covid. Vaccinating our children is not necessary and would be a crime against humanity. DO NOT pass the EUA for our kids. 
No mandatory vax for kids, adults. This is a very communist strategy.
I strongly oppose the vaccine mandate for kids of all ages. Kids are not are handling this virus very well and many already have antibodies. If you were to mandate this virus my kids will be home schooling from here on out and you will no longer be getting my funds. Listen to the people and DO NOT pass this. 
Do NOT approve this. Kids are very low-risk for getting this and passing it on to others. After all the heart scares in the older kids who have received this vaccine, it shouldn’t even be considered for younger kids! This is not an at-risk population and they aren’t passing it on to the at-risk population. Please do NOT approve this shot for children!
Hello to think that we need to vaccinate children goes against all the science. We need to stand down and make sure the benefit outweighs the risk. The answer is no we dont need to vaccinate growing children to protect the parents. 
Children do not get very sick very often. Please do not gave children take this experimental drug. It will have lifelong consequences.
Please do not allow EUA drugs on our children! The drug is way worse than the problem. Published data by your CDC says that 99.99815%of children that contract COVID 19 survive.
Parents and their doctors are the only people who should be making medical choices for children. Pushing an experimental drug which is not done with clinical trials is unethical and detrimental to our youth. 
I do not believe that any vaccine, that has not successfully past ALL trials, should be given to children. Childrens risk of contracting and surviving covid is very low. The risk of an adverse reaction to covid, if diagnosed, is lower than the side effects from a vaccine. Do not do this!! 
I am firmly against approving covid vaccines for children 5-11. The risks of doing so far outweigh the benefits, and they are not at risk of serious disease from covid. There are better options for managing covid in this young age group. Please, please do not use our children in this experiment. 
Our children can't be treated as Guinea pigs for an untested series of shots. This across the board requirement is NOT well thought out. Let their natural immunity stand as their shield against the virus. Please, NO mandate. Our bodies are our property to be treated as we choose. 
I just want to understand how the government can mandate anything when a mandate is not law? Not only that the virus has never been isolated. This goes against the Nuremberg code and our constitutional rights. I totally do not agree with these mandates and especially when it comes to children. I am asking to please leave the children alone. 
The vaccine should be voluntary like the flu shot. Kids aren’t affected by Covid the same way as adults. My son has multiple allergies I would never give him this vaccine. I’d rather move states than be forced to give him this vaccine to go to school, or home school. 
Fda meeting on covid vaccine for children: NO!!!!!! We already know from California, this vaccine will be forced upon our kids just like the vaccine is forced on adults. This practice is unacceptable for anyone but kids are the red line- the risks could never outweigh the benefits. You will have the blood of children on your hands if you allow this! 
There should not be any mandated for children to get covid vaccines. There is virtually no risk of death in children. These decisions belong with the parents. 
These vaccines are too experimental to expose our youngest children to. 
Hell no, our children will not be part of this experiment!!!!!!!
Please do not pass the vaccine mandate for children! So many kids will pulled from schools and they need the social aspect of school more than ever now. It will be detrimental to their mental health. 
If this vaccine were intended for older adults, why would young children need to be mandated to get the vaccine?
I am a mother of 10 children and 8 grandchildren! I am totally opposed to forcing these so called vaccibes on our next generation! I am begging you to stop the insanity!! 
Parents should choose the give vaccines to children, not the government. This goes against our constitution. Mandating vaccines for children is illegal and unethical. 
I employee you as a governing board to NOT allow this approval to happen. It is our responsibility to take care of the children in this world, and approval of the vaccine for 5-11 year olds is not being responsible. The children are more than able to survive this virus and the vaccine is more harmful to them than the virus. Why would you allow this to happen? Please do not approve this!!!!!
Do not vaccinate children with the covid vaccine. They have a 99.96%96% survival rate without the vaccine
Pfizer is an experimental Vaccine and should not be given to any of our children or adults for that matter. 
Italy's tribunal just established causation between the death of a healthy/no conditions 16 years old and vaccination. 
It is absolutely outrageous to approve and recommend gene therapy for young kids, whether it is from COVID or any other disease. Confusing the parents with false claims that it is just a regular vaccine and making them willingly participate in this experiment is simply evil. I stand against this and urge you to be on the side of truth, logic and justice.
There is no way that my children will take this vaccine! We have natural immunity and you people just need to be truthful for once! Quit being evil and putting money over humans!
There should be no COVID vaccine mandate for anyone of any age, and especially not for children aged 5-12. This “vaccine” should be left to each individual, or the parent in the case of ages 5-12, to determine if they want to receive it or not. Stop forcing this on everyone and stop mandating!
1. One we take a vaccine to protect ourself. It was not designed in a pandemic that we take it for another. If that other person needs protection they take the vaccine 2. Children tolerate covid better than the flu. The death rate is nearly zero. There is no benefit that out weighs the risk. So no
Do NOT approve this experimental medical procedure for OUR CHIlDREN!!! Long term studies are needed as with EVERYTHING else!!! 
There is NO proven benefit for children, only risk!
No to experimental vaccines. No to medical tyranny. No to enslavement of children and child sacrifices. No to removal of our freedoms as per the constitution. 
Leave the children alone and allow them to be raised by their parents and loved ones. We live in America the Land of the FREE! Freedom is our God given right not man made ideologies. 
Please do not allow vaccine mandates for children. The data in safety is not in and trials are not even complete until 2023. Children have not been found to transmit virus as readily as adults and the impact of vaccines on children/potential risks outweigh the benefits at this point.
It is stupid to vaccinate children against COVID 19, a waste of our nation’s resources. Children are not high risk.
Stop the madness!!! Kids don’t need any jab for Covid!!! Their risk is unbelievably low for this, their natural immunity is strong! Just... NO!
It is absolutely not okay for a child to be given the Covid 19 vaccine without the consent of a parent! It is the parents right to weigh the pros and cons of a new vaccine and decide what is best for their child. The government cannot and should not have the authority to give a vaccine without the parents consent!
Please don't make this a mandatory vaccine . As a parent of two boys who have recovered fine from covid I worry about giving them this vaccine right now , I urge you to please let parents choose if they want to give this to there kid's . I feel our natural ammunity is just like having the vaccine . I would like some time to go by before giving them this vaccine.
There is no justification for widespread vaccination in a age population that is at little to no risk of serious Covid illness. The vaccination does not stop transmission, therefore vaccinating young children will NOT protect other sectors of the population. The unknown risks of the vaccine outweigh the risk of Covid, and could potentially bring about long-term harm for this young population.
Do not approve this experimental vaccine for children. Their are NO long term studies to justify approving this vaccine for anyone let alone Children!
only a vampire would want to inject children (who are in no danger from covid) with an experimental drug just to make themselves feel safer.
Kids do not need this vaccine. They have 99.997% chance of surviving covid. They are also not spreaders. The adults around them can get vaccinated to protect themselves. There is no long term safety data!
— I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks. They are the least affected by Covid-19. — I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
No, I do not think the experimental medical device should be approved for anyone, let alone a child. This experimental medical device is causing people to be immune compromised. But the powers that be already know that. Please reconsider going after our children. God is watching.
There is no reason or scientific literature for children of ages 5-12 to get the covid-19 vaccine. The death rate in children is 0.00-0.25%. The vaccine does not slow the spread it lessens the symptoms. Children are clearly NOT seriously affected by this virus. Therefore there is NO emergency! Let’s “follow the science”. 
I think we should all have rights to what we put in our bodies. Vaccines are not for everyone. And we all deserve the right to say what we put In Our bodies. 
Please don't mandate that children get dosed with this new, experimental, gene therapy being pushed as all saving vaccine. The current formula is deadly to some and causes hormonal changes leading to sterilization in most. Please, look at the facts, look at the faces, and look at the Constitution . You must stop the covert depopulation .
PLEASE do not mandate covid shots for children. Let parents and their Pediatricians determine what is best for their children. 
Do not mandate vaccinating our children. My husband was forced to get it to keep our only income and he had an adverse reaction including chest pain for 3 weeks. I will not subject my children to this. It is inhumane and a violation of our human rights. We also have NO CLUE what the long term effects will be on those getting the vaccine. 
TO inject innocent youth who are already immune and are non spreaders with an EXPERIMENTAL EUA shot is unethical, dangerous, internationally prohibited, UNCONSTITUTIONAL, and immoral! STOP IT!!
Children do not need the vaccine, their immune system that God designed will fight any sickness they get. I am sorry but you are wrong if you allow the covid vaccine to be mandate. The vaccine has proven to be harmful to adults, so why allow these vaccines to purposely cause harm to children???
Vaccines should be personal choice for everyone. Mandating goes against freedoms. These have to been on the market long enough to have enough data to even be worth considering giving to children much less mandating. The effectiveness also seems to go away too fast. 
The risks and unknowns of this vaccine in children far outweighs the benefits. Unless you can definitively prove to me otherwise that is the status quo here. If you ask of children to take a treatment to protect you yourself as adults you are cowards and every single one of you needs to step down. Mental health issues are killing our kids not covid. Wake tf up. 
Do not make our children the samples in this experiment. Our children are back in school, among their peers without a vaccine. This mandate is unnecessary and irresponsible. We must demand better for our children and keep the responsibility of health decisions in the home, not with the government.
The vaccine is NOT suitable for ANYONE to take especially our kids. No one knows the long term effects of what could happen. I DO NOT AGREE with these mandated vaccines! 
Covid vaccine for children 5-11 years old is not warranted. The science and data shows this is extremely dangerous to these individuals. There have not been enough trials to understand the long term effects on children. The risks of these vaccines significantly outweighs any benefits. Please reject the application to vaccine our children. 
I find it irresponsible that children should be given a vaccine when we do not know what the long term effects are. The recovery rate supports letting them be. Push for healthier lifestyles which will help the US more than this vaccine.
I am a parent of a boy who now has extreme allergies and asthma from his childhood vaccines . His body cannot tolerate this new COVID vaccine . Please stop the mandates. My daughter has autism also from childhood vaccines. Please don’t make it a requirement to be in society to get this shot.
I do not believe anyone, especially children should be forced to be vaccinated against a vaccine that has no science behind it. Vaccines usually go through years of trials before being approved, this was less than a year. This is for a disease that is real, but not a pandemic. The numbers are not accurate and this is all political. I am not anti vaccine, I am anti Covid vaccine 
Covid “vaccine” mRNA shots should absolutely NOT be mandated for kids 5-12. 
I believe that the FDA will start a war bigger than they can handle. Millions of parents and grandparents have said no way will you experiment in our children. FDA staff is compromised and should be shut down NOW!!!!
I am strongly opposed to any experimental COVID "vaccine" being administered to children. The data does NOT support doing so, therefore approval of the Pfizer (or any) version would only prove to the world there's a greedy and sinister scheme behind it.
It should not be a mandate for the covid vaccine! My body my choice! My children will not be getting this vaccine ever! I will remove them from school in a heart beat! The schools will lose there funding per child! This is not a law & not ok! 
Not that I expect anyone to listen, but please don't mandate vaccinating small children. They have immune systems, and those work!
The children are protected and are not effected by covid like adults are. There is no need to rush this age group into these theraputic shots!! Do the right thing!!
This vaccine does not protect anyone from catching or spreading covid but is causing terrible side effects and even killing some. This should not be administered to ANYONE let alone our children. Leave our children alone!
No Mandates for anyone, this is freedom we have in America to decide what we choose to put into our bodies. This is not a communist country and our congress and senate are not following the peoples choice. The phony Biden that is in office as of a fraudulant election and has no authority to make any orders to mandate these killer vaccines! LETS GO BRANDAN!
These shots are still experimental. If animal testing for make-up products is considered inhumane, why would we dare allow our precious children to be test subjects for something injected into their bodies?!? 
Please STOP administering the covid "vaccine." Too many people have died and been injured according to VAERS. This should have been stopped way earlier not now you want to give it to children 5-12?? We have no idea of the long term effects of this shot. More research needs to be done and more testing, NOT on humans! PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THIS TO CHILDREN! STOP ALL shots NOW! 
PLEASE DO NOT expand the Pfizer EUA to children as young as five. Healthy teenagers who have been given covid vaccines have experienced blood clots, myocarditis, neurologic symptoms and extreme fatigue.
This is ridiculous!! They don’t work on older people so why submit our kids to this crap!!! The people that have gotten the vaccine have gotten covid 19, so do NOT submit our children to this!!
Discuss A REQUEST TO AMEND Pfizer-BioNtech and all company’s EUA for administration of their covid-19 mRNA in children 5-11 years of age
Why on God's green earth do you want to poison our children? Isn't it bad enough your allowing the poisoning of millions of uninformed Americans. Your vaccine is a hoax, your fear campaign is a hoax. While 3 former FDA officials sit on the board at Pfizer. While 99.8% of people will survive you still want to poison the world. You will answer to your God someday 
Stand up for God, America and Children. No vaccines. The Chinese aren't taking bioweapon vaccine. We are in The Holy War. Jesus foretold all. God wins.
Definitely will NOT give our children this vaccine!!
These vaccines are not tested enough to subject anyone let alone children to them. This virus is not effecting children and has a 99.8% recovery rate the government has no rights telling parents what they put into their children's bodies. 
As a parent of children in age group 5 -11 years old, I am highly concern about mandatory vaccination for such a young age with limited research and insufficient data. No one is taking responsibility for adverse reactions and pushing extremely unreliable product with little to no benefits to healthy children. 
I wish to inform you that if you approve the mRNA gene therapy for children and if there are any serious adverse events or deaths, I will do everything in my power to charge you with mass murder and/or crimes against humanity. I already have over 300 other people who have joined me in this effort. You are on notice.
Please start working on supporting everyone’s innate immunity instead of experimenting with all of these injections! Healthier, non-toxic food and products made in the United States for all and see the difference!!
If this vaccine gets full approval for children, each and every member of the committee that votes yes, will be remembered as those who are guilty of crimes against humanity.
I vehemently oppose requiring ANYONE being mandated to take this shot, but especially 5 to 12 year olds. This virus has a 99.997% survival rate. Enough already!!!!
Please let the parents of school children decide what's best for them, not the federal or state governments. Please NO mandates of any kind, especially health decisions. Knowing and seeing what is in the shots ("vaccine"), I will never give that to my children or put it in my body. This is a criminal act and I will fight for it to the end. Thanks.
This vaccine has no place on the children’s schedule when they are virtually unaffected by this virus. Stop the madness. 
children should not be required to take covid 19 vaccination. It is wrong to force this on our children and grand children.
There is virtually zero Covid risk to children under 17 years old so what is your justification for the EUA? Please give the vaccine more time to show if there are any adverse effects before authorization for children.
We should have the freedom to choose what treatments we would like for our kids. Please do not let the experimental drug become mandatory for our kids
Kids should not be receiving an experimental vaccine. Please stop the vaccine mandate and stop vaccinating children!
Parents should absolutely be in charge of vaccines their children receive. Don't force more toxins into our kids. This vaccine should not be pushed on our kids. FDA approval doesn't give me assurance that it is safe. There is not enough long term data. Adults are having severe reactions to the vaccine and now some want to subject our kids to this, absolutely not!
DO NOT approve COVID vaccines for children 5-11. 
Please do not make this mandatory for children. At least do a year or two of further testing to increase understanding of long term effects and side effects. Please allow parents to choose what they want their kids to have in their bodies, especially with a new vaccine that hasn’t been around long with extensive testing 
There is no medical reason to vaccinate children for C19. Children’s immune systems are 10,000 times better than these nearly useless shots. It is hubris and greed to try and claim differently. The pushing forward of this nightmare idea will be a crime against humanity, on top of what has already been committed in the suppression of early treatments.
Yeah, you can’t tell me or ANYONE what to do. But what I do know is that you can go fuck yourself. No shots for this family or any of my extended family members. 
I oppose the covid vaccine & I especially oppose it being given to kids.
This is absolutely disgusting its even being proposed. There is no data to suggest this is anything but reckless and demented.FDA-2021-N-1088https://www.regulations.gov/document/FDA-2021-N-1088-0001
Stop the mandates. Vaccinations should be safe, effective and necessary. To be safe and effective you need a much larger and longer duration for the study. Give this some time to study the long term effects before forcing this on children. This is not necessary for children with a 99.9% survival rate. 
Children are not at a great risk or threat. Enough with unethical forced mandates and using us as lab rats. It should be a parents choice with much research and collection of data over a period of time. Not emergency released! 
Why would you vaccinate kids who are not even affected by this virus when the shot doesn't actually work on adults? Do you know the long term affect of this shots? This is a crime. You have the power to stop it. 
I am strongly against the approval of the COVID vaccines for children. Based on a preponderance of available data there is virtually no benefit and significant risk. 
Vaccination of kids should not be done & especially not required. There is minimal to no risk to children of catching covid. And if so minimal to no risk of hospitalization or death. THESE DRUGS HAVE NOT NEEN STUDY LING ENOUGH TO BE USE IN THIS FASHION. 
I am Strongly opposed to any vaccine mandates, particularly when the vaccines have not been properly vetted. The Journal Lancet even says they have not been studied properly.
The Scientist have proven that this vaccine has parasites in it, we will be killing our children. You will all stand before God someday and have to answer for murder!
I would like to request to NOT mandate the Covid19 vaccine for children of any age. 
no vaccines for children, this is murder and abuse!!!
Please do not mandate vaccine for children, this is a personal and family decision that should be based on each child’s personal risk assessment. 
There should not be anyMandates for children ages 5-11 to be vaccinated for Covid 19.
The survival rates to the virus are 99%. Mandating any vaccine violates the Nuremberg code as well as our US constitution. We are a free people with God given autonomy.
These vaccines are not safe for children or anyone for that matter. Children have a higher chance of dying from the flu then covid which makes this vaccine unnecessary to say the least. This vaccine is not FDA approved and stop lying to the American people!
Please follow the science. Children have their own very effective immune system to fight this virus. They do not need this vaccine.
I am asking that the FDA Vaccine Committee - VRBPAC - to please oppose amending the Pfizer vaccine's emergency use authorization for American children between the ages of 5 and 11. We need to stop reacting and pushing inconclusive data for vaccines that have become politicized. This is not the time to subject our children to a mandate for an experimental, pre-clinical trial completion, vaccine!
No mandate on an experimental vaccine. Children should not be vaccinated with a chemical that has not been tested!!
Science shows antibodies from the vaccine wane very quickly. All children should be tested for titers, many may already have antibodies from being infected. Studies show large antibody response in children. Studies show no difference between vaccinated and unvaccinated in contactin Covid.
Please do not mandate the vaccination of children against COVID . Let their parents decide.. 
Please consider the impact of approving this vaccine without further trials. The approval of the vaccine for children will kick start vaccine mandates nationwide for our children. Vaccination our children against a virus that is not a major threat to them should be every parent’s choice; it should not be forced upon. Please consider more testing trials before this child vaccine is passed. 
Nothing should be approved without adequate testing and trials. To rush something for a demographic that is being affected the least amount, would be considered a derelict of duty. Do not rush that which could effect our future the most
Please leave the children alone....the risks that these vaccines place them in outweigh any amount of reason of them having these... 
I do not agree with the vaccine mandate. We need a better vaccine for adults and this is personal choice! We will not allow our kids to vaccinated. You can not cherry pick science and you are hiding side effects, effectiveness and the truth about natural immunity. 
The government needs to stay away from my body and my children’s bodies. Whether it be vaccines or abortions, the government should play no part in making decisions or dictating forced mandates to individuals or those individuals’ children. 
WE DO NIT NEED VACCINES FIR CHILDREN!!! THERE IS VERY FEW CASES OF COVID IN THE 5-12 AGE GROUP. STOP MANDATORY VACCINES!!!
This is not ok with the adverse reactions already recorded in the 12 to 19 yr olds. Also it still hasnt been fully tested to indicate that it is safe for anyone especially young children.
I am opposed to the covid-19 vaccine being recommended for 5 to 12 year olds
Docket No. FDA-2021-N-1088 for “Vaccines and Related Biological Products; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; We do not know fully the affects this vaccine has on small children. It is not safe to inject them until more time and studies have been done. I am vaccinated but my kids will not be getting the vaccine. This is unsafe and absolutely should not be passed. 
This survivability rate of COVID-19 for the age group being discussed does not justify the risk associated with these gene therapies. DO NOT put undue risk to our childrens’ lives, as the tangible risk associated with the gene therapies is far greater than COVID-19 itself. Please consider common sense, at least for the sake for our childrens’ future. Thank you, Brad Hartwell
"No" to forced/mandatory inoculations! Stop the mass experiment! Give your head a shake. Save the children NOW!
No Vaccine Mandate for Children! It is an unnecessary risk to our children's health to mandate an unproven vaccine who's long term side effects are unknown.
Mandatory COVID vaccines are not acceptable for children given lack of long term data particularly regarding fertility issues. And the low rate of infections and high recovery rates. 
Please oppose this mandate. This vaccine has not been tested long enough on children and it should always be the parents job to decide what is best for their kids. 
As a grandmother of nine grandchildren I vehemently oppose vaccinating any child with these experimental medical devices. There have been hundreds of deaths and thousands of medical injuries to minors who have been given these shots. Anyone who advocates these mandates should be held personally responsible for all injury and death. 
As a mom, I am strongly against mandating this vaccine for kids. It has not been proven safe or effective. We have no long term data. And kids are doing extremely well on their own fighting COVID. Do not risk their health and well-being by mandating a vax with risky and unknown side effects. This is unethical and wrong. 
Trust in the FDA will never be regained if this approval is proceeded with, especially given all of the evidence you have in hand. The refusal to condone early treatment combined with the peddling of these shots will go down in history as intentionally causing damage and death in all age groups. There is still time to set this right. Leave our offspring, that are at nearly zero risk, ALONE.
My family is concerned with the many negative reactions and deaths attributed to the vaccine for Covid 19. Most doctors can tell you that boosting your immune system with exercise, vitamin D3, vitamin C, and better diet is more consistent with avoiding or reducing symptoms of a virus. This is not promoted because it doesn't offer financial gain to big pharma.
Allowing these vaccines to be given to children this young is reckless and irresponsible especially in light of the injuries suffered by older children in the 12 to 17 year old age group. I hope that you use real science and making a determination that it is neither necessary or prudent.
We the parents have are a voice for our children. Not the FDA and not the government. It's an infringement on our rights to force a vaccine on anyone. 
I am against these vaccine mandates and the freedoms being taking away for my body my choice! I will not allow my children to receive a vaccine that is scientifically not going to help them especially since they have already had the antibodies to fight the virus! Please stop this mandate 
Do not authorize this injection for children. 0.OOO7% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is no ground for authorizing.
Under NO CIRCUMSTANCES should our innocent children ages 5-12 be used for any Covid 19 jabs let alone Pfizer jabs. It is criminal what this govt and pharmaceutical companies are doing to us let alone our innocent children.
Children have high immunity against COVID-19. Vaccines and boosters not necessary!
Kids are our filter to prevent disease. They have an immune system stronger than anyone else. Mankind should not be allowed to alter their immune system and put them in danger of compromising it. Man made vaccines are not as capable of preventing viruses as a healthy immune system. Please don’t put our children in jeopardy! 
The risk is greater than the benefits, especially not knowing long term side effects.
This is too dangerous for children who are at extremely low risk of this disease. There are not enough studies, and myocarditis is unacceptable as a risk for children and young males. This is not a safe vaccine for children. There is no case for emergency use in this age bracket. Do not make your political. Your approval affects many countries decisions. 
Kids do not need the vaccine. Look at the numbers. The survival rate shows over 99% in children who get Covid. 
What are you people doing? When will we have adults running this country instead of the children we now have?? Come on, folks, quit dictating to people and start doing the right thing. And that includes not using the real children as a pawn in this game you are playing. If you are so concerned about kids, why not start protecting the ones in the womb? Shame on you!
I strongly oppose children ages 5-11 years to be coerced/forced have the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Please DO NOT allow EUA drugs imposed on our children!According to published data by the CDC,99.99815% of children who contact COVID- 19 survive. The drug is worse than the virus!
I ask that you please stop the mandate to vaccinate our children with a untested and unsafe covid 19 vaccination. Please let this be personal choice to the parent and child. Please. This is a free country. Free choice and medical freedom. Let kids be kids. 
Are u trying to kill children now ? How many people are u trying to erase with ur experimental drugs. How much money do u receive per a child ? Do u get more of they die too? These are all legit questions because these are the ones that need to be answered. You may not answer us honestly but u will have to answer to God. 
I feel very strongly that the COVID-19 vaccine is not necessary for children as there are so few cases in children, especially children who are healthy with no pre-existing illness. I believe that if parents decide to have their children vaccinated, they should have the option. However, I do not believe that the vaccine should be mandated for children.
I am against using our children for experimentation of a trial gene altering "vaccine". Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults. These drug companies are EXEMPT from any liability of harm or death that these "vaccines" cause. 
You have to know by now that these "vaccines" are not safe. Why have you all broken your own guidelines for vaccine safety. Never in the history of the FDA or the CDC have you allowed more than a maximum of 50 deaths. Please in the name of humanity stop the madness.
5-11 yr olds do not need this vaccine. Even in your trials none of the kids needed it Tell us why they need it. Almost 0 kids have gotten sick or died from only Covid- they ALWAYS has another reason for their sickness. Be honest!!!
Any child 18 and younger should NOT be mandated to take the COVID vaccine. This vaccine has only been granted Emergency use! Parents know their children best not the government! 
I am opposed to requiring any person, let alone anyone under the age of 18 to receive an experimental mRNA vaccine. Administering this vaccine to young children is murder and is wrong. 
Ages 5-12 are too young and has a very low risk of serious side effects and we don’t know the long term side effects and serious side effects of Covid vaccine and long term side effects is unknown. 
The vaccine mandate is un-constitutional! It goes against several articles of the Constitution. The only people who get to make health decisions for my kids are me and my husband. Our children's biological parents. You have no right to mandate vaccines!!
Please do not approve the=is product for children 5 to 11. According to BBC data:Healthy children with Covid end up in intensive care at a rate of 2 in 1 million Compared to: 60 cases of the heart condition per million 2nd doses given to 12 to 17-yr-old boys, 8 in 1 million girls https://bbc.co.uk/news/health-58445499
FDA-2021-N-1088-0001 No to vaccines for children. They are not vulnerable to covid 19. The vaccine puts them at risk for death and serious injury for an absoulute effectiveness of less than l%. This is a crime against humanity and not about health.
Since the risk of Covid is so minimal for children, any authorization of a vaccine should explicitly limit the recommendation to those who are immuno- or otherwise compromised. There is no need for the average child to receive this vaccine and without limits, schools and other governing bodies are sure to impose mandates.
No…no…no…not for my great and grand babies… you do not have the right to sterilize them… 
Please be a true leader and start working for the overall health of the people and our children...not the colusion of big Gov with big Pharma and big Tech. Our response to this pandemic will show to be on the wrong side of history...until real leadership start to rise and stand up for what it means to build a true and robust immune system.
There is no data or scientific rationale for approving this experimental vaccine for small children. Please oppose this — the risk is way too high for these innocent lives.
Please don’t force parents to give a vaccine to our children because of a virus that does not affect them.
We don’t coparent with the government! Stop testing on our children! Stop the mandates! 
Please please NO MANDATORY VACCINES FOR KIDS! I fear so much the unknown long term effects based on what we DO know already. So so many teens have already effectively lost all chance for normal life after suffering reactions to these ecperimental gene therapy shots. PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT JEOPARDIZE THE HEALTH OF KIDS !
I have been vaccinated, as have my older children. I plan to vaccinate my younger children. With that said, I do not believe it is within the government's reach to strip parents of their medical rights in regards to their own children. This is unconstitutional and abhorrent. 
It’s mass murder plain and simple to approve the COVID vaccine for any age groups but children is beyond a horrific crime. The few children accidentally given this jab at Walgreens ended up with heart issues. Children are not at risk from this flu. YOU know this!!!!!!!!!! It will be revealed as the biggest crime against humanity!!!!!!
Are you nuts, you already have blood on your hands now you want to vaccinate our kids too!!! Disgraceful, apparently money is more important than life. The risks kids take from getting the vaccine are far greater than them getting Covid or diving from it-shameful, don't you have a conscious??? I beg you to rethink this and your vaccine mandates as well!!!!
Children DO NOT need mandated Covid vaccinations. Children And their families NEED the freedom to choose for themselves!
Do the right thing, pull this experimental injection from the market completely. This does not belong in humans, let alone children. Let God and your conscience be your guide and shut this down immediately. There have been enough deaths and adverse reactions that this should have been stopped immediately. Do not approve this for children.
There is no reason to give children the vaccine. They're very safe from Covid and we can't know the long term effects of the vaccine. An unvaccinated child is safer against covid than a vaccinated adult. Don't experiment with our children!
If you have any conscience at all you will not approve this as many people have already died and have permanent neurological damage. Please take a stand and don't let them buy you. Look at the science and statistics and stop this government overreach and mandates. Please for our children and grand children
This is absolutely absurd. Children have a 99.99% chance of survival. We are more likely to die on our way to get the vaccine. Disgusting misuse of federal control. ALL MODIVATED BY MONEY. 
This is NOT a FDA approved vaccine they are looking to give children, the FDA would potentially be expanding the Emergency Use Authorization to include children as young as five. In other words, any mandate for children is of an experimental drug.
I have 4 grandchildren, who do not need a vaccine that does not have enough testing to be deemed safe. I have read the Vaers data and do not want them to experience any of the side effects that is stated there. 
Do not mandate vaccines for children. I know it’s obvious that you are not “following the science” because everything you’ve done has been anything but science. However, mandating this experimental therapy for children is downright evil.
I totally disagree with our children having to get these shots. There is absolutely no reason for forcing this upon our children. Kids seldom get the virus. This is totally asanine what is happening to our country. This needs to be our choice for a drug that we have no idea, whst it will do to our children in their later years. 
Hell no the vaccines for kids. This poison is killing enough adults. Don’t you dare go after the kids 
Please leave our children alone. Do NOT mandate this for children. You have no idea what it can do to their developing bodies. 
This is against united States citizen’s constitutional right and against the Nuremberg Code. Our bodies; our choice
Parents should make decisions for their children's health, not the government. This is wrong and I oppose it. 
We will not comply. The science is clear that children are not nearly at the same risk for COVID as other demographics. Do not mandate COVID vaccines for children.
Please do not mandate. If the numbers provided are accurate the risk for children that get covid are low. I've seen more risks specifically for male children. Do not approve to be a mandate.
Requiring vaccinations for our younger children is an overstep of power. I am highly opposed to this!
This should all be a choice. Especially since this isn't anywhere near as bad as it's being reported. This is the United States of America. Not some 3rd world country led by a dictatorship. 
No, Vax mandates! This shouldn't even be a discussion 
Kids have like a 99.9% recovery for COVID-19. WHY on earth would you even CONSIDER giving them some brand new vaccine (that isn't even working for adults!!)Leave the kids alone!!!
Parents should have the right to choose for our children. Our kids are more likely to die from the vaccine itself then from Covid. 
Hi - I am very much against this mandate for our kids. I am a parent of three with a grandchild on the way and will not allow this To be administered to my family and children.
I am against your so- called vaccination for anyone, of any age. This is not a vaccinations and y'all know it. What are y'all trying to do to us? Some of us aren't stupid, you know? Totally against that jab for children also. Stop it. This is America, or at least it used to be. And a mandate is not a law. Stop trying to force us to put something into our bodies that we do not want!
 I am opposed to using an experimental vaccine with no long term date on our children. 
I oppose giving these vaccinations to children. The incidence of Myocarditis in teen boys was 1 in 7000 last time numbers were available. I cannot justify gambling with my healthy, athletic teen boy's future quality of life when Covid has not proven to be severe or dangerous to children.
I do not feel the risk of SEAs is worth the benefit which is infintensimal by comparison.
I completely disagree with the vaccine being mandated or recommended for children. The risks outweigh the benefits and the science does not support vaccinating young children against Covid 19.
With children holding a zero statistical death risk to C19 and proof from studies performed around the world showing children are not superspreaders/ have a very low viral load and low transmission rates, we deserve a choice for our children and should not be mandated. 
I object to a vaccine that has not been adequately researched and proven safe ESPECIALLY for a virus that is no more dangerous than the H1N1 or bird flu!!
Children should absolutely not be required to be vaccinated. They have very mild symptoms if infected, and the vaccine does not prevent spread of covid 19. There is no reason to require it. If individual parents want to vaccinate their children that should only be up to them and no one else.
I Oppose mandatory vaccines! This vaccine is not long term studied and is not protecting against Covid. The government should not be forcing medical studies on our children! PLEASE STOP!!
Please stop this insanity! Where is the evidence that children are contracting, spreading and dying from Covid? It’s all nonsense! Stop masking the children! Stop vaccinations until they’ve been properly studied! There have been fewer children dying from the virus than harmed by the “vaccine”. Why are you trying to destroy our country and world? Leave the children alone!
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults. 
There were only 2 Covid death under 12 years old in BC, Canada. Please don't allow Covid Vaccines for children. Please stop using us as guineapigs. So many people have died by Covid Vaccines already, and you know how dangerous they are. Please stop killing people. Please don't allow Covid vaccines for children. 
Do NOT mandate the covid vaccine for children!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE do not be in such a hurry to put this stuff into our kids. The risks outweigh the benefits, at this point. This stuff needs to be studied and determined SAFE, not just released and hoped to be "safe enough".
I oppose the Covid 19 vaccine being mandated for children. I will not comply. My children, my choice.
I oppose mandated vaccines for children. This has been proven unsafe, ineffective, and potentially quite harmful. A child’s body does not belong to the government.
Besides the fact that this vaccine has not been properly tested, there are so many cases of adverse reactions and deaths that are being ignored to rush this to approval. Greed is ruling this country and it has to stop. 
There is absolutely no reason imaginable to vaccinate young children who have a .0007 chance of dying from COVID. The best we can hope for from vaccinated young children is heart issues from these shots that have not had any long term testing. 
I say 'NO' to COVID vaccinations for children ages 5-11
I would like to express my dissent for any type of covid 19 vaccination for children of any age. Children are not at high risk nor are they any risk. This madness of innoculating kids with this experiment drug is a must. 
Parents should be given the right to choose if their children receive the vaccine. Plus there is a very low mortality rate in children from the virus. The same as flu. I vote against the mandate for children. 
In no way should you all make a decision to vaccinate children with the experimental vaccines for COVID 19 or even non-experimental. Children are at NO RISK, by the way, I'm 64 and I am not at risk either. You WILL be held accountable for every death. 
Stop vaccine mandates. I have close friend who suffered a stroke right after a second dose of the Covid Shot.I heard of thousand of other stories where people got adverse reaction to those shots. 
Parents decide what’s best for their kids. No discussion. 
Why on earth are you planning on giving little children who have a 98% of survival. This is criminal!! This isn’t even a vaccine!! It is experimental gene therapy. You wouldn’t be suggesting this if you could be held liable!! Disgusting!!! Total greed and total lies!! Why don’t you suggest to Americans to improve their diets!!! 
This is absolutely ridiculous and should not be mandated for children aged 5-12. The science has proven they are able to fight it using their immune system. I will not support this and will do everything in my power to fight this. My children WILL NOT receive this.
Why are vaccine companies not being held liable for their product? Why are American citizens being forced into getting a vaccine? Are American's rights in our Constitution being upheld in these forced vaccinations? Do the government official's believe in what they are writing into law and why?
If parents choose to have their children vaccinated it is THEIR CHOICE!!! Since when does the government tell us what we are required to do with our children’s health?? This is absolutely absurd- I support VACCINES OF CHOICE that are not killing people or having misrepresented numbers being provided. I am so disappointed in our government and society for allowing this to continue 
This is madness! Children don’t need this! This is an experimental drug with ZERO long term studies to know the side effects/adverse reactions, there is no informed consent, and science proves that CHILDREN aren’t at risk from Covid. Stop this blatant experiment (malpractice), which has already gone too far; do not allow it to affect our children! 
The Parents, and only them, have the God given responsibility to make ALL decisions for their children.
I am highly against this trial shot (it is not a vaccine it is a trial). On our most precious commodity’Our Children’ you don’t know what this will do to them. How can you think this is okay? It is Not okay. Please rethink this decision. Please remember our babies and do what is best for them. Not some shot. It is not a vaccine there is nothing good about this. 
Please do not start vaccinating our kids with this experimental Vaccine. We don't know what effects our children will have since we don't have enough evidence. We know that kids immune system is very strong and it has been fighting it off very well without it. Please do not vaccinate the kids!!!!
I disagree strongly about a vaccine mandate for anyone especially children
I am speaking in opposition to an EUA of these “vaccines” for children. There is no long term safety data in any age group so the use of these injections should be halted altogether until we have such long term data. The thought of using this biological agent in children is unconscionable. DO NO HARM
Apposing mandated vaccines for children 5-11. This should be a parents and child’s choice! 
Why would you vaccinate children with no evidence basis? Absolutely NO! My children will not be subjected to this experiment.
Not ethical to recommend vaccines for a age group that is in 99.99% of cases not severely affected by a disease. Covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds should not be recommended by a Government supported entity.
DO NOT authorize the vaccine for children--ages 5-12 or any ages. The risk of myocarditis and other negative reactions are far too great. Children do NOT need the vaccine--show that by voting NO.
Child covid vaccines mRna horrible idea. There will be more hospitalizations from vaccine than from getting covid. Study here: https://www.news-medical.net/news/20210913/The-rate-of-vaccine-induced-heart-inflammation-in-children.aspx
NO! The vaccine is more harmful to children than Covid.
Please please DoNot allow this vaccine to be given to our children!!
I strongly oppose any regulations making covid vaccines available to kids 5-12 years of age. Not only are they very low risk of death but many studies show natural immunity is better than vaccine. The vax is still experimental and kids are not to be experimented on
Please do not mandate or even recommend that children 5 to 11 receive the Covid vaccine. There have been too many side effects including death and too much is unknown about this vaccine to inject her children.
I oppose covid vaccination mandates for children ages 5 - 11 due to concerns lack of long term safety studies and the potential for harm to children's health long term.Please vote NO to child vaccination mandates.
Our kids should NOT be vaccinated. Period. It should NEVER be mandated and should be entirely up to the parents. 
Its unethical to coerce vaccination without consent to anybody especially kids. Enough with those fascism mandates. We the people are in charge of our body, not mandates, not government, not Pharma, not Gates.
Children of that age group are still forming. mRNA vaccines may alter their DNA. Children of that age their bodies’ are still forming and undergoing many changes. 
There is no long term studies on the adverse effects of these vaccines on young kids. Most kids are very healthy with strong immune systems. Kids should not be given these shots at all!
Nothing should be mandated. Decisions need to be made by the child’s parents not the government or the school. This is still an experimental vaccine that no one knows what the long term effects will be . My child my choice . 
As a former RN I am appalled that the FDA is fast-tracking C 19 vaccines, ESPECIALLY for children. This is about money and power, NOT health and safety.
I am asking that the FDA please do not make these shots mandatory for our children. These shots need more time and research before we start giving them to our children. This is unprecedented what is happening and to give out a vaccine with little to zero research is ethically wrong and questionable. 
Kids should not be given the Vaccine.There are scary side effects that are already.With out few years of study and side effects That the Vaccine can cause it is absolutely not responsible to even entertain the idea ofVaccinating kids that young.
Children do not need a covid vaccine. They have over 99% rate of healing from the disease. The "experimental shots" have not been approved, nor tested., To get approval it will take 2 years. Do not take a chance of making these kids have life long problems from an experimental jab. Boys ( 12 - 18) have already had heart problems and blood clots from this. Horrible idea!!
There has been a sharp increase in deaths after children have had the vaccine let alone carrying on with it let alone younger children! The FDA have declared the PCR test VOID as a Class 1 Revoke! So why are any so called vaccines as they are still in experimental stage keep being pushed that we need it?
Vaccination should be a parents choice, not the Government or the FDA. Worry about yourself and your family, not ours. 
Please do not authorize this vaccine for children. The science does not support this! 
Please stop any covid 19 vaccines for children and teens. Stop compulsory testing as well. Is not neccessary 
Children this age so not suffer enough from this virus to take the chance on filling them with poisons that may cause significant reactions the months and years to come. Use your common good sense and realize this is not necessary nor should it be forced upon them.
I don't see you the FDA wants to try to put this poison into our children. Do they not see that this Juice is killing our teens as it is. Now they are wanting to kill all children. I will not have my child get this poison Juice.
If our government mandates our children be vaccinated I will be pulling both my children out of their public school
Why? There’s no need for children to be vaccinated against this especially if they’ve already had covid and have antibodies. The vaccine only “works” because covid is not as severe in children. So why a vaccine for something that doesn’t affect them? When will enough be enough? 
I strongly oppose the use of the Covid-19 vaccine for children 5-12 years old. Do not approve this. If you have any moral and/or ethical beliefs, you WILL not approve this for 5-12 year-olds.
We should not be vaccinating young children that do not have an issue dying from covid would be able to fight it off if they did get it. Plus there are medicines that will help them get through it. It makes no sense. Leave the children alone. My body my choice. My children my choice. The government should not be a dictator ship. Nor should our fda that does not always get it right either.
Leave our children alone. They are not dying from the current illness. Look at the data. They don’t need prevention from something that isn’t harming them. Leave the children alone. 
There needs to be more time to study the affects on children 12+, how can it already be approved for a younger population
Stop approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine.
Do NOT approve vaccines mandates for our children. No long term studies have been completed. The evidence of myocarditis and multitude of different side effects post vaccination is astounding. No evidence of severe covid disease in children. DO NOT approve these vaccine mandates!!!
Please do not force any vaccine upon our children. This should be a choice by the parents and not the state (government). 
Don't do this. Adverse events associated with this vaccine completely outweigh the risks of getting covid especially for young people. 
There is absolutely NO reason to be mass vaccinating our children who are at less risk of death or serious injury from Covid 19 than they are from the common flu! Stop this massive intrusion into the lives of our children! Please follow the actual science and don’t be pressured by a political agenda. Praying for you to do what is right for the children of the United States of Anerica. 
We do not know the long term (3,5,10+ year safety data on the Covid mRNA vaccine for children. But we do know that Covid has taken the lives of about 600 children total. That’s less than most causes of death. Do not make this shot a thing for children. Our entire figure generations are riding on it. 
I am firmly opposed to the approval of the Covid vaccine for children. The clinical trials haven't even been finished yet and you want to use our children as guinea pigs. Children do NOT need a vaccine. They are naturally immune to the virus. The risks outweigh the benefits. 
I do not want mandated vaccines for the children, we the people have the right to choose! Not studied long enough and too many deaths already! 
What if you're wrong about this "vaccine"? There are plenty of reputable doctors saying we should avoid injecting our children at all cost. CHILDREN ARE THE LOWEST RISK GROUP AND THERE ARE EFFECTIVE TREATMENTS! DO NOT DO THIS TO OUR CHILDREN!
It is not ok to mandate an experimental medication for anyone, let alone children with absolutely no long term studies and many reported serious adverse reactions!
I am against requirements for our children 5 and above to receive the Corona Virus vaccination.
Please consider that this vaccine has not been studied and researched like other vaccines, children have a low risk of contracting covid and have a very high survival rate, why inject them with something that has been reported to be the cause of death of over 150 K of adults and hundreds of thousands to suffer permanent disabling side effects. PLEASE help us keep our children safe. 
Mandating the COVID vaccine for children is dangerous and irresponsible. 
No Killer Vaccine for Children! Covid vaccine is a killer! How dare you do this to the children! EVIL! 
I oppose any mandate that takes away our medical freedom and bodily autonomy. 
Do not vaccinate any child any age with all toxic Covid vaccinations produced by Moderna, Pfizer, and Johnson & Johnson! CEASE AND DESIST! NO MRNA VACCINES PRODUCE SAFE NOVAVAX OR BETTER!
The risk/benefit ratio for kids makes no sense. The studies won’t be complete until 2023. Please stop mandatory vaccines for children now!
This is absolute madness! God, please protect our children.
Would you vaccinate Your children and your grandchildren and they will be heathy? Pleas Please stop. 
No experimental mRNA for children. No mandates for anyone. 
Please protect the children. Allow the vaccines to be fully evaluated for long term effects before approving them for children. 
I do not agree with approving this experimental inoculation for children aged 5-11!!! Stop using our children as lab rats! There are no short term or long term studies on this poison! Don't do it!! Stand up for our children! Do the right thing. They have a 99.98% survivability rate for this virus. They are not in danger and are not superspreaders. STOP THE MEDICAL TYRANNY!!!!!!
Leave the kids alone. They have natural immunity. No mandates - no coercion- no force!! Protect out babies& future & freedoms
Children are not in grave danger from COVID-19. The vaccine should absolutely not be mandated for anyone, let alone those in the least risk group. Please think strongly about this and I implore you to act in tub best interest of the children. 
No mandates for children. Parents should be the only ones who makes mandates for their children.
To oppose the vaccine Mandate as it is statistically Not necessary for children.
Please consider waiting for more studies to come in regarding safety and efficacy of the vaccine before mandating it to kids 5-12. Thanks
no mandatesnfor children! children are more likely to die from this vaccine than to naturally fight off covid! they are better at healing than we imagine! no mandates!!!!
Pure madness. What for? Stop this evil now. The vaccine is not safe enough for adults even. Develop safe drugs, not an ineffective and risky vaccine and then try pump it into our innocents.
Please do not mandate this. Children are still developing and this vaccine has not been around long enough to know if it's safe onda growing child. 
I do not support giving these vaccines to children. Please do not authorize experimenting on children. Stop now. 
Don’t mandate a vaccine for children as there hasn’t been enough case studies of any effects.
I oppose the proposition to amend Pfizer-BioNTech's EUA for administration of their COVID-19 mRNA vaccine to children 5 through 11 years of age. There are no long term studies completed in these trials yet, making it an unsafe decision to administer to young children!!
Please stop the forced vaccine...many children and people have been harmed and died already. The new vaccine mandate that is going into affect on Oct 26 for kids is going to harm them. Please help our freedom stay and parents have the choice of doing this if they want to. It time to halt all vaccines!
There is no evidence to support the need for vaccinating children ages 5-11, especially with an unapproved vaccine. Covid is not a childhood disease that requires vaccination to stop it's spread.
We cannot jeopardize our young people’s health and immune systems by vaccinating them. How will they develop an immune system??
Absolutely DO NOT mandate these vaccines for ANYONE especially children. 
We know nothing about the long-term risk of vaccination in children. The myocarditis risk immediately after vaccination in older children is considerable, potentially life-threatening, and increased exponentially with decreasing age.
I am against using this vaccine on any person who does not wish have it, especially children. 
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
Children do no need to be vaccinated. Please do not go forward.
This a madness totally unnecessary I will not allow my child take this vaccine By doing so u are making more and more people become anti vaxers , anti fda and anti any government mandates and laws
Do not mandate vaccines for children ages 5-12. There has not been enough time to adequately study the effects of these vaccines. Children have the lowest possible mortality rate in respect to COVID. 
Children are generally healthy and have very strong immune systems therefore do not need this vaccine. Please do not approve it for use on young children.
Vaccines should never be mandated. Huge violation of privacy, medical rights & free will! 
Do not approve this vaccine for children. Look at the ABSENCE of science… Stop the games and be on the human, right side of history. Do the right thing-
I am a mother of a 12 year old. Previously, he received all the required vaccinations to attend public school. However, no one knows the long term affects of these mRNA vaccines; consequently, injecting these vaccines are approving experimentation on children. What justifies this need?
Vote NO for the COVID vaccination of kids 5 - 11 year old! It is not safe for them and their survival rate is 99% without it.
I am commenting in opposition to mandatory COVID vaccines for children. We have no long term (5-10 years or more) data on affects this could have. 
I am opposed to mandating vaccines for anyone especially children. This has never effected them and is completely unnecessary. This would be an infringement on human rights and child endangerment. 
No COVID Vaccine mandates for kids 5-11. It’s up to the parents to make decisions concerning their children.
My granddaughter started her”period” After her mother got the vaccine she hasn’t had a menstrual cycle sense
I cannot fathom that you would inject these innocent children with a substance that shows very limited efficacy and much harm!! Do yor jobs and stop this lunacy now!!
the decision of a child’s healthcare should be left to the parents.
Please don’t make the vaccine mandate for children..I have 2 young daughters that I feel it should be my choice to give them it or not!
There is no medical basis for giving children this vaccine. C19 does not affect children in ANY meaningful (statistically significant) way. Any adults concerned about getting C19 from their children can get themselves vaccinated. 
I’m against anyone under the age of 18 receiving the Covid 19 jab. It is not a vaccine. There should have been no Emergency Use Authorization because there are well known cures. Anyone who pushes this jab may be part of Nuremberg 2.0.
I strongly disagree with mandating a brand new vaccine on one of our most vulnerable populations without further studies verifying its safety. Our precious children should not be used as experiments. There are no long term studies that support the safe use of this vaccine. Stop this madness!! Do not force parents to vaccinate children. It is a parents right and decision, not the governments. 
Vaccination needs to be the parent’s choice, not mandated by the government! Say no to mandating the Covid vaccine! 
Totally unreasonable to vaccinate children this young who have .00001 % chance of contracting covid in the first place! Natural immunity will work, the vaccine should not be used in young children 
Do not approve this shot for children. It has ALL risk and ZERO benefit for children. Children are not at risk of dying from covid symptoms. But they are at risk of dying from myocarditis and blood clots.
Our children do not need this vaccine. Do not mandate this for our children. They are young and healthy. Their bodies can fight this without this vaccine. We have no idea what the long-term effects will be from this vaccine. 
The risk of death or injury from covid vaccines outweigh the risks of death from covid in children. Statistically, children are not dying from covid so do not need a vaccination. And risk of asymptomatic spread is nonexistent.Do not harm more children than have already been harmed by these new, experimental toxic shots.
STOP MANDATING VACCINATIONS FOR COVID-19 IN CHILDREN, ELDERLY, AND ALL AMERICANS
This should not be mandated!! I am totally against this becoming law.
Stop the Covid mandates. No mandates for children or adults alike. 
I absolutely will not use an experimental EUA vaccine on my child!
Please do not approve. Here is no need to vaccinate young children. Studies have proven that risks outweigh the benefits. Thank you.
This is an unnecessary risk, and being done 100% for profit! 
I am writing to encourage you to vote 'NO' on the vaccine mandate for children. This vaccine has harmful chemicals and is not safe for children. Please protect our innocent youth from future health problems by voting 'NO' on the COVID vaccine. Thank you.
NO! They want depopulation/genocide!No to the vaccine!
No- vaccines should not be mandatory; ESPECIALLY for our children! 
No, no, no. It is WRONG to mandate an experimental drug. Where there is risk, there must be personal choice. 
Children should not be subject to these unnecessary shots. Please allow more time for long term effects to be seen before giving to children.
It is NOT safe to use Covid vaccine for kids age 5-11.It’s harmful and unsafe to human test.We are not Ginny pig
I oppose the approval of the covid-19 vaccine for children. Crimes against children and murder!!!!
Mandating vaccines is not appropriate for children. We have no idea the long term consequences for children. Please do not mandate vaccines for children.
Do not vaccinate children! Too risky! This is madness.
The risk of this “vaccine” far outweighs the risks of Covid 19 for this age group. To vaccinate children without longer studies is absolutely criminal!
Vaccine mandates are illegal and immoral. Animal testing is illegal an immoral. Both should be banned. Fauci should be removed and prosecuted.
Children should not be vaccinated against an illness that does not affect them at the same level as adults. The vaccine does not stop transmission. The children should not be told to take a vaccine that has not had decades worth of research for long term effects in children.
Tony Fauci is an admitted liar and committed perjury. Lock him up. 
Please do NOT subject our children to an untested shot. We have NO idea how this will affect them in 2 months, 2 years, or 20 years from now. We do know that children aged 5-18 have minimal risks from the real illness. 
I will not comply with any mandate. The jab is not safe or effective. 
Please do NOT vaccinate our children!!! It is not safe for them nor necessary for the safety of anyone else!!!
We have seen a lot of bad results due to the vaccinations and now they want to inject our babies. Stop forcing people to do things they do not want to and are afraid of side effects or death. 
I UNDERSTAND THE FDA MEETING IS WANTING AMEND THE EAU TO INCLUDE 5-11 YEAR OLDS. THE TRUTH IS THAT COVID-19 PRESENTS MINUSCULE TO NO RISK TO CHILDREN AND THERE IS NO JUSTIFICATION FOR EMERGENCY USE WITHOUT COMPLETION OF FULL APPROVAL PROCESS TO ENSURE SHORT AND LONGER TERM SAFETY IN CHILDREN. WITHOUT THAT IT MAKES NO SENSE TO GIVE THESE SHOTS TO CHILDREN AND POSSIBLY ENDANGER THEIR LIVES.
Children are innocent and we need to preserve that innocence. This vaccine is not safe for children.
Please allow Children's’ immune systems to develop naturally. As someone who suffered for 16 years with immune issues I urge you to encourage building a healthy immune system in our children so that they can avoid underlying issues and easily fight COVID.
There are tio many adverse reactiona and deaths.In the past these vacines would of been pulled. Also Americans know Ivermectin works!
Please do not approve this vaccine for our children. More work needs to be done first. The children are low risk for covid. Concentrate on at risk populations and treatment first
I simply want the right to choose what is injected into myself and my 3 children, who are 2, 4, and 6. It should be a parental right to choose this for there child. You are lacking in long term studies for the side effects on fertility and among others things. 
I am extremely concerned about giving Covid 19 vaccine to my child and all children in America! My child has already had many health issues and my concern is that this would only make his condition worse. I believe years of testing should be done before this experimented in our children! Please do not approve this vaccine for our children. 
I sincerely hope everyone eligible receive the vaccines. It has and will save lives. My family, including our 16 year old and 12 year old granddaughters are vaccinated. Living in Texas where our Governor rejects science, I’m grateful our family is vaccinated 
.0007 percent fatality from Covid so why the vaccine which has more adverse events than the disease. No long term studies and so why the rush to bring this to market and damage the health of the people. 
Every parent should be able to decide what’s best for their kids. Approving this vaccine for kids will only lead to mandatory vaccinations for school. Stop discriminating, segregating and putting millions of people in compromised positions! 
Please do not approve the covid vaccine for children 5-11. There is miniscule chance of a child dying from covid but yet NO longterm stidies have been done/presented on the safety of the vaccine on children. The risk FAR outweighs the supposed benefits. Stop this fear of death campaign and protect our children! 
I firmly oppose any mandate of injections for anyone, especially minors. There are multiple studies out there that have cause for concern, as well as the multitude of adverse reactions. Do not allow for this approval. Medical freedom to choose is lost with mandates. By approving, the FDA is also responsible for the harm instilled with the experimental injections for covid 19. 
Please vote against allowing our young children to be subjected to the experimental Covid19 shot. This age group has proven to be far less affected by Covid than even the flu. We don't yet know the long term effects of this vaccine as it is the first of it's kind. There is no logic or rational reason to give the Covid shot to children. Thank you for your time.
With children having a 99.97 % survival rate from " COVID", why in the world would a "vaccine" even be offered ?! It is completely unecessary ! I think we all know by now , the actual intent of these Medical monsters. Leave the kids alone ! 
Young kid are the safest and healthier part of the population and it should be a crime to mandate the vaccine on anyone but specifically the kids.
The government does not belong mandating anything regarding health care for anyone. Home of the free needs to be recognized. Please do not make our children be injected with something we know very little about.
99.993% survival rate in children. They do not need a vaccine!!!!! Please do the right thing.
Please consider that children this age have very low risk from the desease, almost no symptoms, so much so that they don't stop playing but they have a higher risk from the vaccines, since there is no data on the short term or long term effects. Nothing. Please do the right thing. Do not give EUA for children.
Parents have the right to say no to this. The government is taking away our constitutional rights as citizens. I say this is wrong, & you know it’s all based off lies.
I don’t believe there is enough science to support the legalization of the Pfizer vaccine for 5-12 year olds. This group is barely effected by the vaccine. We do t k ow the long term side effects and the vaccine e seems more like a flu shot that covers us 30-40 percent of the time. 
Please do not experiment on our children! We do not know the long term effects of the vaccine on anyone, let alone the children. The risk does not outweigh the benefits!
Children have a 99.9% recovery rate and to give them an experimental mystery juice is outrageous, it’s child abuse, and probably murder. Jabs with some years of testing have been proven to give children autism and adhd to name a couple of issues. This will be a declaration of war by the FDA and fraudulent government. Tribunals will be your future
I am firmly against approving the vaccine for 5-11 children as the risks outweigh the benefits. According to the CDC data, children under 20 have a 99.97% survival rate.
It is not constitutional to mandate any medical treatment, to the citizens of the United States.
I am very opposed to the government not only giving permission but encouraging vaccinations of the COVID-19 for 5 to 11-year-olds. They are at extremely low risk for having serious side effects from COVID-19. The drug has not adequately been tested, and therefore we have no idea what the long-term effects could be as well as known cardiac and other side effects of the vaccine
Have you lost your collective minds. Children have less than 1% chance of being seriously ill from this China virus. They should NEVER be given these experimental gene therapies.
Hands off our children. We as mom’s and dads have a right to say what does and does not go into our children’s bodies. As a mom it is horrifying to think there would ever be a mandate put in place to forcibly put parents in position to make a decision like this. One we feel would be life threatening and also goes against our religious rights and human rights. This has to stop!!!
Our children deserve choice. Their parents should not be forced to make the decision of the Covid vaccine upon them. We do not know the long term effects. We are Free Americans. I will not have medical treatment or vaccines pushed upon me or my children. My ancestors and current family members fight in our armed forces for this freedom.
The COVID shot shouldn't be promoted for or given to children.Please don't support!
Just stop trying to force your ideology on the people of this country! We are free to choose our own health strategies!
Do NOT approve ANY version of the covid vaccine for ANYONE OF SNY AGE!!!
No, please do not authorize covid vaccines for children under 12. 
— I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
Government should not tell we the people what to put in our children's bodies. AMERICA was not built on communist ideas. Parents will fight back, and you will continue to see parents withdrawing their children from the public school system, and creating their own constitution based schools.
I strongly disagree with mandating the CoVid19 for children.
I’m asking that you not allow or approve any injection of the “emergency vaccine Covid 19”, to the children. There is no reason to have children injected, when the risk of children is minimal if any.
I don’t want to have any mandates let alone on small children. It’s unconstitutional and against our freedom.
This is a rushed, very much experimental and liability free product being forced on everyone. Your own FDA is not mandated to take it along with other companies and government groups but you want people to take it at their own peril? Many people are aware of VAERS now and the underreporting and deception that is taking place.
Vaccinating children is an unnecessary risk on their current health and the future of our civilization.
I do not agree with giving the Covid vaccines to children because we do not know the long term side effects, there is lots of evidence of heart issues such as myocarditis, we do not know if it will effect their fertility, and children are not at risk for Covid therefore there is no need to give them risky, experimental injections which have not gone through proper testing and safety protocols.
There are millions of children suffering - the evidence and data and science shows these kids are not at risk of death and it is time to end this tyrannical method of attempting to force medical procedures on innocent and healthy humans of any age!
Please don’t approve or mandate vaccine for our children. There is more risk to their health from any of the COVID-19 vaccine than the virus itself! Please protect our children from unknown long term injuries from these unapproved, untested shots on our young!
please stop the insanity! there are better remedies for covid tx
It IS the parents the right to make medical decisions for their children!!! 
Families should have the freedom to decide what is best for their children. 
Please consider carefully before rushing approval of Pfizer's Covid 19 vaccine for children aged 5 to 11. Such young ages. No long term studies of how this vaccine might impact growth and development. Please it is NOT worth the risks.Please it is NOT worth the risks. Now is NOT the time to approve the Pfizer vaccine for such young ages. Please protect the children. 
No Covid vax for kids. So many adults have severe reactions & you know many more unreported. Do not harm kids. 
STOP THIS MAD INSANITY! THE FDA, CDC, NIH, WHO ARE PERPERUATING MASS MURDER OF CHILDREN! HUMANITY'S BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS! MAY GOD'S WRATH BE UPON YOUR HEADS!
This vaccine is still in the experimental phase for adults why on earth would we try to make it available for children who have virtually no health issues when affected by it . This is crimes against humanity. Nuremberg trials will commence and only those who support this will he blamed for their disgusting choices 
I am not anti-vaccine, but I am 100% against mandates such as this. It is not ethical at all to mandate a vaccine, especially for children. Let people be and decide for themselves. This is ridiculous!
You have to stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine. 
We vote for no mandate of Covid shot for any children. 
This is getting out of control. Stop this political madness. Leave our kids out of this. First off you are going to loose half your kids that go to school that will end up being home schooled. I don’t know if one person that is in favor of these crazy mandates. Especially on our kids. People will be moving out of this state!
As a teacher and parent, parents should get the choice to vaccinate their child or not. The more it’s pushed, the more people hesitate to get it. If everyone has the choice, we’ll vaccinate our kids when we feel comfortable doing so. I am against Covid vaccine mandates because it is unconstitutional. 
It is unconstitutional for you to mandate a vaccination that is this controversial. It is not in your power to manipulate the DNA of humanity. And it is absolutely not within your authority to mandate healthcare to children without parent consent. We will fight this we will stand our ground. 
Kids 5-11 are not in any danger of dying from the Wuhan Flu and the vaccine is killing them as you know! You should be charged with child abuse!!!
There is no way that covid is more dangerous for children than an experimental injection. Leave the kids alone! They do not need this shot. 
Approval of the Pfizer or any Covid-19 vaccine that hasn't completed clinical trial or any double blind studies is an irresponsible politically driven sycophantic dereliction of the calling of the FDA. Stop trying to crawl up Big Pharma's ass and do your jobs.
There is emerging evidence that natural immunuty is superior to the shot. Most children experience very mild effects of covid. Basic logic would argue against mandating this "vaccine " for them. 
I am against COVID-19 vaccine for kids 5-11 because they are not not a group of risk of dying from Covid per CDC statistics. The flu kills more kids than Covid and the Flu vaccine is not mandatory so Covid vaccine for kids within this age group should NOT be mandatory either. 
Where is the data you are using to mamdate vaccination of children? My child has been in school with 0 issues. If you mandate vaccination i will remove her from school. You dont choose what people get to put in theor bodies. Especially with the FDA track record. 
I support the Covid-19 vaccine mandate for children 5-11. 
This shouldn’t be a mandate considering the lack of long term peer reviewed data coupled with the low risk to children. This would be completely unacceptable to mandate this on children and there will be legal recourse . 
Children are not at risk as most adults. Does testing show adverse effects 5-10 years from now? Vote NO
The cost benefit analysis does not warrant injecting children with an experimental drug. No to covid shots for kids ages 5-11. Emergency approval of these injections will force families to make choices against their personal beliefs due to illegal mandates imposed upon them by schools.
Do not mandate vaccines for children. Children are of little risk to Covid and the vaccines are harming some children and are not proven to be safe.
Please do not give children the covid vaccination! It is too dangerous!!
Italy's tribunal just established causation between the death of a healthy/no conditions 16 years old and vaccination. 
Vaccine for COVID should not be mandated for anyone - let alone children aged 5-12. The risk of COVID is minimal and we still don’t know long term effects of the vaccine. I am against any kind of COVID vaccine mandate at this point in time. 
Kids are not at risk for CV19 so they don’t need an experimental vaccine.
These vaccines are harming more people than they are helping. They are dangerous, and at this point it's becoming quite clear that they are also ineffective as well. 
Long term studies are not completed. Adult shots are still being investigated for menstrual cycle and heart effects. Little kids do not need EUA vaccines. And where is the independent unbiased data?
Subjecting our children to this "vaccine" is dangerous. Children are resilient and can recover from this flu. No long term studies of the effect of this shot.No one can say how it will hinder their body development in their formative years. NO NO NO
Children go not need the vaccine. It is not tested. The risk of the vaccine far outweighs the risk of the disease.
I want to voice my opinion against vaccine mandates for anyone especially kids 5-12 years of age. Kids are extremely low risk to this illness and can recover with their immune systems. This drug is still in experimental phases and I have yet to see safety standards. 
I am asking you to stand up for the safety of our children and NOT PASS the okay for this EUA covid vaccine that has not gone through enough testing.
I strongly oppose authorizing in children, as these non traditional vaccines have no safety data. The recent WHO meeting even identified the major issue around needing more clear evidence and resolve to no safety studies for long term effects. 
Read the constitution. This is an abomination. We will not comply. 
I am opposed to the covid vaccine for children. Based on data available the benefits do not outweigh the risks of the vaccine. The data shows the vaccine is posing a significant risk to teens and young adults. The kids are at extremely low risk of getting severe covid. 
It is unconscionable to expose young children to a vaccine that has not been studied for the long term effects. This age population has a high rate of recovery with no medical intervention or hospitalization. I encourage you not to expose our children to unnecessary medical treatment. 
We are absolutely opposed to any government mandates, etc for the covid-19 vaccine.
I think that untested vaccine should be up to the individual not mandated by over controlling government it takes one more piece of freedom away
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7943455/https://theexpose.uk/2021/10/10/comparison-reports-proves-vaccinated-developing-ade/Please do not touch our children. They are more at risk for drowning or car accidents. 
NO!!! Why force a vaccine on a population that has a 99.99% recovery. Only 525 children have died from Covid!!
This is a terrible idea. Kids are at very low risk from this illness - lower risk than for flu. There's a lot of unknowns about this new vaccine, there's no long-term studies - it's not a good risk benefit for our children
I encourage you to exempt children from covid vaccinations. The risk is most likely higher than the benefit and we do not know the long term effects of the vaccine. Covid is rare and typically without serious outcomes in children. Also we know that the vaccine does not prevent contracting, transmission of the virus or death from the virus.
I strongly advise against vaccination for children it is NOT right!!!! Stick with immune systems and not man made junk! 
Please do not force children to be vaccinated. They are very unlikely to get Covid, and even if they do, they are very unlikely to die. There is no way to know how it will affect them in the long run, and we do not want a whole generation of kids to be sick in the future. 
I am in opposition to these vaccines being forçed on children 18 and under
 Please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. It is too early to be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Thank you!
Please, please, please do NOT approve a vaccine for CHILDREN that is considered experimental AND for a disease that has a virtual 0% fatality rate in children!! The risk of the vaccine would be FAR greater than the risk of the actual disease. This makes no sense at all. Please think long and hard about your responsibility in this.
Please vote No on the COVID-19 mandate for children ages 5-11!
I am opposed to vaccinating children for a disease that rarely harms young people and statistically never kills them. The average child will have a better chance of being harmed by the vaccine than by Covid. 
Vaccine should never be mandated for anyone. not children or adults. it's a personal decision. 
Please stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with a covid 19 vaccine. The long range effects are unknown and there is no reason to put children at risk for the long range effects of the vaccine when children are not in danger if they get this virus.
Please don’t vaccinate children. It is not for their good and it is unfair to turn. They are at very little risk if sickness from covid. The risk of vaccine injury is greater than sickness. It is immoral to vaccinate children to protect adults, in addition their getting covid and acquiring natural immunity would be better for them and for the common good. 
As a mother of 3 children under 11, as well as an aunt to 8, I vehemently oppose mandates for the COVID vaccine placed on our children! There is no serious threat to our children and it should be 100% up to parents! Where there is risk, there MUST be choice!
Mandating vaccines is reprehensible. Mandating then for kids who are the lowest risk category is evil. 
Kids can survive this virus. Please do not kill them with vaccines.
It has been proven over and over that children don’t need to be vaccinated. There has been less than 600 deaths of children 17 and under. This doesn’t justify a vaccine for this age group. The only age group that should be getting vaccinated is 65 and older. Vaccines should be a choice by all individuals and parents of children. 
I am strongly opposed to the approval of the Covid19 vaccine for children. The benefits do not outweigh the risks. The potential for likely long-term effects to their immunicologocal, neurological and gynecological development cannot be ignored. There are too many unknowns. Our children do not deserve to be treated as test subjects. Their health and well-being should not be compromised. 
Vaccine mandates (of ANY kind) are wrong, RIDICULOUS & UNCONSTITUTIONAL.ESPECIALLY vaccine mandates for CHILDREN.NO gov't official should EVER be allowed to dictate to parents what the MUST put into their bodies or tgeir CHILDREN'S bodies !!!! 
Please do not subject young children to a vaccine that has zero long-term research. Children are not at risk for this disease and therefore they do not need the vaccine. We are pleading for the safety of our children and generations to come that you spare them from this vaccine and any mandates!
Please do not subject our children to these experimental vaccines. I know 10 people that have died and were fully vaccinated. 5 of them died from the shot themselves.
My children wikl not be getting this vaccination. There is no reason at all to Mandate a shot for kids that the Survival rate is 99.9%. We will pull our kids and move ! Shame on you all ! It’s all about the money !!! 
I am apposed to this mandate and don't believe it is right. Children should not be mandated to have this vaccine. We don't mandate the flu shot. 
I do not agree with any federal vaccine mandates for children or adults
Hello, I am writing to urge VRBPAC NOT to accept the emergency use authorization requested by Pfizer for American children ages 5-11. This vaccine is experimental and should not be given FDA approval for wide use. 
Children should NEVER be given an experimental vaccine or any experimental drug. Especially not for a disease that is much less threat to their health than the drug(s).
Children do not have a significant statistical risk for Covid and do not need to incur the vaccine injury risk of an experimental vaccine which has not been shown to be either completely safe or efficacious past 5-6 months post vaccination. Even one vaccine injured child is too many. Vaccinating children would cause more harm than good. 
It is absurdly to approve Covid 19 vaccines for children because the vaccines do not work. Many people die having Covid 19 vaccination. Do not even try messing with mothers about their children. We will not let our children be a part of the experiment!
Not enough research to coerce adults into this, certainly not enough for our children. Please hold off until we can see long term repercussions.
There is zero reason for our children to take the experimental un approved COVId jabs. Except for our government furthering their agenda of committing mass murder. Stop!!!
There is no need to vaccinate the majority of young kids. Please, NO more mandates. Let parents choose what is best for their individual situations. 
What data exists says that the only deaths in children in this age group are children with a co morbidity There is no reason to issue a mandate for all children We need to bring an end to government “Mandates” A few government officials should not have the authority to issue mandatesGo thru the legislative process to get the consent of the people You know like “of by and for the people “
Please DO NOT approve the Covid-19 vaccines for children 5-11. Many parents are opposed to this experimental therapy for their children. This age group the least likely to get seriously ill from this virus. You don’t know what potential devastating effects the injection will have on their lives both in the near and long term. 
This is poison. Whoever puts poison into children should be hung.
I am totally against the vaccine mandate for children as well as adults. It is not appropiate to give our children or adults a "vaccine" that is experimental and detrimental to those who take it.
Please DO NOT approve this drug for young children. They have no risk from COVID. Let’s wait a few years before making this decision!
Approval of these vaccines is wholly unwarranted. Children are at minimal risk for serious Covid outcomes. The clinical trials were completely inadequate and as recently as 2019 these products would never have gotten this far along in the approval process. Do your duty and honor your oath as doctors to do no harm and vote no on the EUA.
Children are not dying from this virus! Keep our kids free of mandates. There are no long term studies on this vaccine. It is so wrong to inject this into healthy kids who will get more sick from the vaccine than the actual virus. There have been thousands of adverse reactionsAnd that’s not all of them!
This is criminal! This action has nothing to do with the health of the children and everything to do with money and control. Leave the children alone. Their bodies can fight this virus with their own God given abilities! Do not make them vaccine dependent, destroying their systems! This is all about .millions of dollars for big pharma and NOTHING about the health of our children.
The Government HAS NO RIGHT TO DEMAND ANYONE TO PUT SOMETHING INTO THEIR BODY THAT THEY DO NOT WANT! 
Please do not implement COVID 19 vaccines for children ages 5-12. There are still too many unknowns on these vaccines to put them into our children without further testing for long term effects. I ask you to PLEASE wait for long term studies before subjecting our children to all of the unknowns associated with this vaccine.
Please, please, please do what is right for the children and do not mandate them to get a shot that could harm them more than the actual disease it is for. You know what is right and good and true. Please follow it.
Please don’t do this to our children. Please don’t make into guinea pigs. The risk FAR OUTWEIGHS any upside to this shot. We run the risk of damaging an entire generation as we simply don’t know the long term effects! My kids both had Covid (11 and 8) and it was NOTHING for them. And it’s been NOTHING for all their friends! There is no reason to take the risk of this injection! 
Beside my religeious beliefs, I think it is unconstitutional to mandate ANYONE to be forced to inject themselves with anything! Furthermore, NO ONE KNOWS THE LONG TERM SIDE EFFECTS OF THESE VACCINES! IF YOU ASK ANYONE WHAT THE LONG TERM SIDE EFFECTS ARE, THEY CAN'T ANSWER BECAUSE THERE IS NOT ENOUGH RESEARCH AVAILABLE. HENCE, HOW CAN THEY BE SAFE AN EFFECTIVE????
HOW CAN YOU EVEN CONSIDER SUCH A HORRIBLE THING ?????!!! If you did this it would Kill and do Great Harm to Many Many more children than the Virus Itself !!! THE RISK OF GIVING THESE VACCINES TO CHILDREN VERY VERY GREATLY OUTWEIGHS ANY POSSIBLE BENEFIT !!!! 
Do not experiment with children. These vaccines won't be done with clinical trials for 1-3 years. They SHOULD NOT be given to children.
I am so grateful we are able to protect our children. Thank you! 
Please let a parent decide what is best fir their child by not mandating the Vacine. There us not enough studies at this time to validate the outcomes p
Please do not endorse giving kids 5-11 the experimental gene therapy. Kids have proven to not be at risk from Covid 19. The damage and illness this could result in is far more risk to them the the actual disease. Please consider the VAERS data and stop this madness! 
PARENTS HAVE THE RIGHT TO PROTECT THEIR CHILDREN ACCORDING TO THEIR STANDARDS FREEDOM OF CHOICE!
My children will NOT have the Covid-19 vaccine given to them. The side effects known and unknown of the vaccine are not worth the risk when the sickness itself is far less threatening.
I strongly appose mandating the vaccine for our children. They're not at risk of dying from covid and since the vaccine won't stop transmission, they're not putting the adults in their lives at risk either.
Please do NOT mandate vaccines or masks for children. If you follow the science, you know children do not need the masks and vaccines should be optional. Children have not been as affected by this virus as adults. I ask you to not mandate either. 
I pray you do not approve the covid vaccine for young children. You approve so many things, and years later come back and remove it. This has not been studied and our children deserve fair and honest studies. 
You cannot approve this fake vaccine for children. You haven't approved it for adults yet. The New Nuremberg trials with hold you accountable. You are going against God and you will be punished 
There’s no justification for immunizing children against COVID -19 by the experimental medical treatment. Period.The majority of parents who are double vaccinated will not risk their children’ health. It’s impossible to give informed consent to the treatment with no data on long-term effects. This is illegal, in constitutional, unethical and immoral. People’s patience is at the breaking point. 
Where there is risk, there must be choice. This vaccine does not stop transmission or infection. Children are not at risk for severe covid 19. There is no reason this vaccine should be mandated. Leave it up to parents to decide what is best.
Please stop the insanity, vote no to children getting the covid vaccine Thank you,David hall
As a pediatrician I am against licensing a vaccine for a disease that carries very little risk for children. This vaccine has NO proven safety record and must be considered experimental.
Do not jab 5 year olds and old with this experimental vaccine
These vaccines have not undergone long enough safety testing. There is no way for us to know the long term effects of these products. Furthermore, if my children become sick or injured or die, the vaccine manufacturers cannot be held liable.
Please let our young people's bodies fight the Covid virus naturally to allow them to build their anti-bodies properly without cell re-programming (RNA) and without the reduction of their precious white blood cells (one of the key side affects) to fight off everything else out there. The drug companies do not need to dictate what the children 'need' while they line their own future pockets.
Do not give our children this experimental mRna. Children do not get sick and if they do the survival rate is almost every time 100%They have to get their own immunsystem, not this experiment.
Please do not pass the amendment to the existing EUA for the administration of the vaccine to children ages five to 11. My grandchildren are in this age group and it positively terrifies me. I stand opposed to the amendment to the EUA.
Leave the children alone! Children are not laboratory guinea pigs for experiments with "vaccines", where we do not know the adverse effects in the medium and long term. Ass. Father.
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUND FOR AUTHORIZING
I do not want approval of the COVID-19 vaccine for young children, 5 to 11. This is not even an approved vaccine. Kids are not dying from COVID. And there are approved drugs to help with COVID. Please have some common sense. Keep our children safe. NO VACCINE. 
Do not recommend vaccines for 5-11 year olds. They are not at risk from Covid. Once they get it and Covid still spreads and their are adverse side effects from the shot, your credibility will be gone. Stand up for our kids’ health I stead of wilting to political pressure and money. 
No mandatory “vaccinations” for children or anyone. Stop killing the population off and making people sick just to increase profits for big pharma!
Long term studies are needed especially in children. Please prolong this decision until longer term, wider scale studies have been completed.
The vaccine should not be forced or even an option to kids when there are so many cases of teenagers with horrible side effects like heart problem and dead hours or days after vaccination. This vaccine is poison!!!!
Covid shots for children is a terrible idea. The shots are unnecessary and reckless. Our focus should be nutrient dense foods, fresh air, exercise and chiropractic care. 
Do not vaccinate our children without parents okay!! Not Ever!!
Absolutely no vaccine mandates, under any circumstances should be proposed or considered or put into law. This is an outrageous violation of the constitution and the Nuremberg code. It does not belong in a constitutional republic. 
I strongly oppose the amendment to the EUA for administration to 5-11 years of age
Not okay with this. Thankful for vaccines. Not for mandates. The covid vaccine does not stop you from getting it or spreading it. Also, not okay with this hurried vaccine being put into our young children’s bodies. We should have a choice on this. 
I urge you to follow the science related to vaccination for COVID-19 in children. Children have 99.997% recovery rate from COVID-19 without treatment. The influenza virus poses more of a risk to children than SARS-cov-2. Many children have had COVID-19 and have recovered; therefore, they have natural immunity.
I urge you not to approve giving children ages 5-12 covid vaccines. The claimed benefits of the shots for young children are not as great as the possible risks. They seldom get the disease and if they do it is usually mild. This disease has been taken to an extreme.
Healthy adolescents who have received this experimental "vaccine" have experienced serious side effects including heart issues, blood clots., fatigue, neurological symptoms, etc. Children are not at risk of danger from Covid, but they are in extreme danger from this "vaccine". Please protect the children. They should no be guinea pigs for the supposed protection of others.
No way ever. The vaccines don’t protect you from getting Covid but they can harm you. Absolutely not!
I do not approve of giving children vaccines that don't have a lot of good information to back it up. Children have a lot of growing up and I believe this will harm them
PLEASE .....NO vax mandate for children, let nobody but their parents or guardian make that decision!!!!!
This should not be approved for children! No one I know Will ever let their children get this bio weapon injected into them! 
We should not mandate this for our kids. We as parents should decide this as a family. Not the government. We are not children , and can make that decision for ourselves. this is nothing short of over reaction. 
I should not have to co-parent with the government. I follow all the "rules". but THIS, not ok. how is this legal to FORCE my children to get this experimental shot. we should have a choice.
Dont harm children. I can't believe that this is even being considered. Known risks outweigh any protection children could possibly gain. Unknown long term risks. Why is this even being considered when children are at a negligible risk from covid.
Children ages 5-12 years of age should not be mandated to receive the Covid 19 vaccine. It should be made available if needed. According to a study out of the United Kingdom, 98% of children in this age group will recover within 8 weeks, with illness, on average lasting only 6 days. The study does not list any deaths. 
I thought you in FDA are for the people. You've heard from many doctors and scientists who question your Covid19 vaccines policies. Repent before you commit the unpardonable sin. Nothing is hidden before God's eyes. Do righteousness. Fear God. Worship the Creator, not Satan.
As a parent I strongly urge the FDA to halt the authorization of the Covid vaccine for children ages 5-11. It is still too early to know what long term effects this injection will have on developing brains and bodies. We know that there is almost zero risk to children from Covid, but the side effects of the vaccine are unknown.
I recommend strongly against mandating a vaccine for this age group who is at nearly 0% risk from suffering severely from this virus. This would be a terrible mandate and restrict opportunities for so many who are not willing to put their child at risk from a vaccine that is still being tested, and protecting them from a virus which they are not at risk. 
Please, stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine (aka gene therapy/mRNA injection for Covid-19)
Please do not authorize the use of the covid vaccine for children. The long term effects of this vaccine have not been determined and children are at low risk of complications from having covid. The risks of myocarditis in older children will likely manifest in this younger cohort. Please reconsider your decision as you may be sentencing children to a lifetime of health issues.
Please save our 5-11-year-old children from the Cov 19 vaccine drugs From Pfizer and Moderna
Do the benefits outweigh the risks? Children ages 6-11 are evidently not transmitting nor are they experiencing severe illness, and death from covid 19 as adults do. Also, immunity acquired by infection needs to be acknowledged and accepted equally as vaccines. 
Not sure trying to offer this same dose for everyone, is the right way in regards to vaccinating children. There is no clinical trials or literary proof that this ok for anyone, let alone on children. Thanks for taking the time to read. 
Please reconsider approving vaccines for covid in children. They are in such a low risk category, their risk is almost non-existent. I have a friend who died after the vaccine & one that has a heart condition from it, please don’t subject our children to this. 
With all the science around recovery rates for children being 99.99% why would there be a need for a vaccine? The answer is money. Do not allow our children to become part of this experiment. Fauci is a criminal. Children should be allowed to build a natural immunity. There should be more studies on other cures for the Wuhan virus that was created by CCP.
Subjecting children to an experimental vaccine, when their survival rate for Covid is 99.999%, is child abuse. They are hundreds of times more likely to die from the vaccination than from Covid.
Children rarely get COVID 19, ans when they do there is over a 99% recovery rate. There are way too many know and unknown consequences from the shot. The damage and potential damage to children far outweigh an advantages.
I will not give any of my kids a vaccine that is new, not tested, we have no idea the affects it could have on anyone. Also it is OUR BODY, OUR CHOICE! No mandate is law. Those who enforce a mandate should be prosecuted. It is my choice to make any health decisions for myself and my family. The government is over stepping their limitations and this needs to end now. 
DO NOT VACCINATE OUR CHILDREN!! I will not allow my child to be vaccinated, under any circumstances. These vaccines have been proven to be dangerous, and in some cases, fatal.
It is our job as parents, to decide what is injected into our children, not yours... period 
You need to stop with all this vaccineMandates We should have the right to choose what goes into our bodiesJust teach the basics and leave our children’s medical decisions to the parents
There are viable therapeutics available. This Vaccine was never necessary!
Please do not for vaccinations of children for Covid 19. 
I am firmly opposed to the approval of the Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine.
Mandating a gene therapy med the children do not need. Follow the "science" because if you actually did, tou would stop this madness! Our children are not for experimentation. 
I strongly oppose the approval of this COVID vaccine, especially for this age group 5-12 years. I oppose the approval of this EUA across the board but it should not be approved for any persons 0-21 so that it will then be put on the list of required vaccines, until it has been around for years of study. 
Please do not mandate this vaccine for 5-12 year olds. It should be the parents decision whether or not to vaccinate a child with a new vaccine whose long term affects are unknown. Additionally, children may have other health issues that would prohibit them from taking the Covid vaccine. It should definitely NOT be mandated. 
The risks outweigh the benefits. Also because it does not stop transmission, there is no logical reason to mandate. It must be parent’s choice without coercion. 
Where and why are there no monthly safety data analysis reports?
I think these vaccines do more harm than good. I think that adverse events from vaccines often go unreported to VAERS. I don’t think these vaccines should be approved whatsoever, especially for kids.
I am asking that you DO NOT approve the COVID10 vaccine for children. There is not enough time for adequate testing and that would put our most valuable citizens at risk. Our children are not test dummies. I am opposed to any vaccine that is mandatory. This has become too political. Thank you!!
Children should not be able to get the covid-19 vaccination. There is not enough research behind the shot and it should not be distributed amongst the children in America. Please hear our voice and protect our children. We do not approve!! 
Gates promotes a book on how to lie with statistics. Dig into the true data! Any data handed to you by the company pushing the product should have NO say in a decision. Nor should anyone making money off the deal. These kids are our future. Don’t experiment on them. End this madness. Over 15,000 people dying from the vaccines! 
We should never be forcing vaccines, especially those with no long term studies, on children. The pharmaceutical companies have no liability and side effects happen daily. A parent has a God given right to protect their child in whatever way they see fit. And a right to refuse any vaccine for themselves and their children.
I vehemently oppose the approval of this vaccine for kids aged 5-11. The science shows kids are extremely low risk and have a higher risk of adverse effects from the shot during the clinical trials than from covid itself. 
Please do not use America's children as test subjects for a vaccine without long term safety data! This is simply wrong. 
Why do the children need this vaccine for covid so soon after trial when we haven’t seen what possible side effects they will have from the vaccine. We should give the vaccine more time out on the market before we force everyone to get it.
I oppose these Covid 19 vaccines and vaccine mandates for all ages but particularly for ALL CHILDREN UNDER 18! These are not safe nor are the effective nor have proven any benefits to those under 18! 
I strongly oppose this. Do not do this to children. 
I did "NAZI" this mandate coming!!! Clinical trials for vaccines take 4 to 6 years NOT 10 months! Children will be used as an experiment. Have you ever heard of the Nuremberg Code?
Please do not require these vaccines for our children. COVID-19 has not been around for long and neither has the vaccine. Give them time so we can see what effects they have on us before we open them up to our next generation. Thank you for your time and consideration. 
Why do we have to mandate? Why can’t we allow parents to make choices for their children? It hasn’t even been released a year and we want to mandate this for children!? There has to be a better way!!! 
There is no need to approve a vaccine for covid for children. They have a virtually 100% recovery rate from covid. If you approve this shot, it will show you do not work for Americans. It will uncover that you work for pharmaceutical companies. 
Why not allowing kids to use their natural immune system since Covid is not children disease? How long did the trials had taken place? Can you assure and be willing to pay parents if their kids respond to the vaccine won’t be a minor one?? 
I do NOT support approvoving these vaccines for children. This is wrong and you know it.
Please do not mandate the covid vaccine for ages 5-11.
I strongly disagree the mandatory of Covid vaccines on children 5-12 years old or any age and any person in America. Thanks for taking this into your consideration. 
These covid19 vaccines are too new for long term side effects on young people to be fully understood. It is foolish to rush our most vulnerable citizens into unproven treatments against an illness that presents very little risk to them in the first place. Please deny approval. 
 I am writing to express my opposition to the vaccination of 5-11 year old children . The risk of a severe reaction within a young person receiving the vaccine is far greater than the number of deaths of children from Covid 19 and therefore or not necessary. 
No mandates on vaccines for children or anyone else. 
The Covid-19 vaccine should not be approved for children. If you continue to allow this experimental injection and proceed in testing it on our children, any small amount of confidence the American public may still have in your organization will be completely finished. 
I strongly disagree with approving COVID-19 vaccination for children aged 5-11. Children in these important developmental years are in very low categories for virus transmission and for risk of serious illness. Regardless of how I feel about vaccination for adults, it seems as though there is very little reason and very much potential harm to be done by giving this vaccine to children. 
Children are not at risk for covid 19. They have very strong immune systems. Children 5 to 11 years old should not be forced to get this experimental jab. Actually no one should be forced to get these so called vaccines. Forced Vaccines goes against the nuremberg code and the US Constitution. Please do not allow our children to be forced into getting these shots.
I am opposed to giving the Covid vaccines to 5-11 year-old children. The long term effects of these vaccines are not known and the percentage of these children who survive Covid is 99.999%. Don’t put them at risk with these vaccines which have over 700,000 adverse reactions reported. 
Please vote NO. Children in particular seem to be impacted by life threatening side effects from vaccines like myocardis. At this time the risk to children from the covid vaccine outweigh the benefits. There is still so much we don’t know about long term effects and about covid in general. Please do not burden our children with being the test subjects. 
With a recovery rate over 99.997% in children there is no need to push this to the masses! Please take the time needed to properly test and study this vaccine and please communicate the risk of COVID to children clearly from this point on. 
Do not pass approval for vaccines for 5-11 year olds. Thank you
Please make the children covid vaccine a parental choice. Children are not at risk for getting ill and dying as long as they are in good health with no underlying conditions. Make this similar to the flu shot . Please don’t mandate this, for our children’s sake.
I do not support mandated vaccination for this age group. 
Saying our young kids need a covid shot to “protect” them against a virus is wrong. It’s not even safe and effective at all. Don’t come after our kids!!
Injecting children with this vaccine is ending their life!! They do not deserve this gene altering therapy!!
The COVID vaccine is harming more children than the actual virus itself - you know that is true. Do the right thing by not approving this vaccine because you are too scared to stand up to peer pressure. Approving this vaccine too early in the trials is a catastrophic mistake that will harm children and those deaths and injuries will at the hand of you. 
This is cruel considering the low risk death rate in children of this age range.There shouldn’t even be a discussion about this . People know what is really going on and hopefully there are a few individuals who will make the right decision . 
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
The lack of ethics and integrity of the FDA never cease to amaze me. Sold out, bought puppets. THERE IS NO LOGICAL, RATIONAL, OR SCIENTIFIC PURPOSE TO APPROVE EUA OF ANY COVID 19 INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 
I am against mandatory covid vaccine for children. I had a severe reaction to the pfizer vaccine. The death rate is almost non-existent. This should be the parents choice.
These vaccines are dangerous. Please save the children from this unnecessary intervention for a virus that is like a cold for them.
Outrageous tyranny and control in an uneeded uncharted territory. How dare you subject our children to experimental drugs. 
On October 26, the FDA will have an internal meeting to decide on mandatory Pfizer vaccinations for all children in America, ages 5-11. I am opposed to this in every way in the strongest way possible. We must keep our children safe. These vaccines are NOT the solution. And they don't require protection from the corona virus, because they very rarely contract it. Thank you!
No parent should be forced to have their child(ren), vaccinated with a NON, test potential poison. Every parents decision should be made from their own FREE WILL and not forced by the government. 
It is absurd to force vaccine on kids when enough research has not been done for future side effects. It is against our human rights to destroy the health of innocent healthy kids with such force. Natural immunity has shown far superior results than any medication for humanity. We can not put our children at risk of getting hurt from the unknown side effects of these new vaccine.
Please STOP the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine. Adults that are fully vaccinated are dying (i.e. Colin Powel etc). 
I urge to not force the covid vax on children - these are experimental injections! according to the Nuremberg code, it’s against international law to coerce people into taking a medical procedure without their consent. Children are innocent and need to be protected - they are the least at risk to get or transmit covid. Please stop this!
Other than restrictions from the government, children are not negatively affected by covid 19. Leave the children alone. They do not need this vaccine.
Please consider the benefit vs. risk when looking at this age group. 
I am extremely opposed to Covid vaccines for ANY child but especially the 5-11 year olds! You do not know the long term effects of these injections and it should be criminal to administer them!
Do NOT mandate this vaccine for anybody especially children. This particular group is at such a low risk for complications from the Covid virus that there should be no mandate. Let parents have a choice for their children regarding this particular vaccine.
Please do not let our children be involved in an experiment. It is still an experiment eventhough you may have great faith in the vaccines. It is still an experiment. These new vaccines should not be tried on children. Please have compassion 
Covid Vaccine shots shouldn’t be approved for kids and not mandated for anyone no Matter or their age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, beliefs, religion, position in society and salary!!!! 
There is no way this should be given to children. How about looking into every injury and fatality case that has been submitted on Vaers before you start a massive experiment on our kids? I cannot believe this is even on the table. The risk to benefit ratio does not even come close to justifying this. 
The covid vaccine should never be forced for anyone, especially kids!
Please do not allow experimental testing on our children through vaccine mandates. This age group is not at high risk and aren’t really helping to spread this virus. I will be forced to pull my children out of school for their safety. Our government should not be able to force something on families that we don’t know enough about. 
STOP this mandate on our healthy children. There is all risk and no benefit. This vaccine remains untested long term, and only applies to the first variant. Why cripple the natural immunity of children? Please reconsider this decision to vaccinate children. 
Making the covid vaccine mandatory is ridiculous. If it was really a true vaccine we would only have to take it one time (ie the polio vaccine) and would never have to take any more “booster” shots again. Requiring the vaccine is unconstitutional and unlawful. Leave our children out of this. 
It should be parents choice to have their children get the COVID vaccine. There is mo way of knowing the long term effects this shot will have on children.
I am against what you are about to do to the children. Please cease and desist. 
Stop this madness!!!! Children are not at risk to themselves or others with covid 19. There is plenty of evidence that this “vaccine “ is harmful, and yet you want to mandate it for children with no serious testing?! Stop this madness!!!
I believe covid Vaccinations are not necessary because the recovery is 99.97% and they have therapeutics that work. Children are at no risk so the vaccines are hurting and killing children!
Our children are not the ones dying from this virus and should not be mandated to be vaccinated, especially without longer research on vaccines.
Mandating vaccines is not okay. What data we do have does not show marginal benefit. Further we cannot know the king term impact for 30years! As a PhD. your approach is highly anti-science.
Pushing a so called vaccine that has no long term studies and a 99% survival rate. Parents should be the only ones to decide what medical treatments are appropriate for their children after considering all the information available. Governments forcing a so called vaccine that is not effective is tyranny. 
Hello. I’m writing to inform you today to urgently ask you to vote NO on Pfizer EUA application for children ages 5-11. Pfizer has not demonstrated any health benefits for children and the potential harms are enormous. Thank you for honoring your Hippocratic Oath and the Nuremberg Code by voting NO. 
Mandatory anything to be put in our body is not the prerogative of government. It is a choice to be made by the individual one suze does not and never has, “fit all .” There are as many valid reasons as individuals to not take the vaccine. Some to the detriment of the individual themselves. The government has absolutely no right whatsoever to usurp a parent where children are concerned. 
I support the points raided in the Stand At a glance.
I do not wish for you to mandate the COVID vaccine to children ages 5-12, or any child age for that matter. I feel parents should have the day and choice for their children to receive the vaccine. 
This Covid Vaccine is NOT an emergency for these young children who have little to no risk for Covid 19. This is literally child abuse and should not be taken lightly. Please consider holding off on approving the Vaccine for young children until we have more collective data and we are positive that it is safe to use.
The COVID vaccine has not been properly safety studied and should not be allowed on children. Children have an extremely low chance of dying from COVID. DO NOT approve of this experimental vaccine on children!!
Please do not approve vaccines for children. The virus is not a danger to children and children are not a threat to the elderly. These vaccines are dangerous to children and have not been adequately tested.Please protect our children. Their safety is MOST important.
I am against the approval of the vaccine to children ages 5-11. They are still developing and are the future of our youth. We deserve more time to observe affects before letting us decide if we want to inject our children with it before improvements are made.
I do not agree with mass vaccination of children ages 5-11! It’s my understanding that COVID 19 is treatable and also, has a high percent of survival. If this vaccine permanently changes the DNA and has no long term data supporting a safe outcome, it would seem actually dangerous to do so. Especially since it cannot be reversed! 
This drug has not gone through adequate testing or placebo groups. It has never had successful animal testings and yet you want to approve it for our children? This is criminal, children will be adverse affects. The studies have already shown this. Do not approve this. 
These vaccines are not impressive and they should not be experimented on children either. Children are basically unaffected by covid. Do not force children. They have done enough for the older and sick communities. Now it’s time for them to take care of themselves. They have their vaccine. 
Do Not Authorize This Injection For Our Children. Kids 18 yrs and younger across America have a 0.0007% fatality rate. DO NOT AUTHORIZE 
What’s is the risk/benefit analysis for vaccination on this age group for hospitalization/death?What is the risk/benefit analysis of side effects (based on adult reactions-only indicator you actually have) of this age group How much does Pfizer profit?
Leave the kids alone. Long term effects are not possible to know. You potentially are destroying their future.
Sooooo disappointed in you to even consider this. This is absolutely unnecessary and dangerous. It is far more dangerous for kids to be vaxxed than get Covid. The flu. That’s all it is for anyone. Do something right and don’t push a needless needle for something that is little risk to anyone but definitely not kids. 
NO to vaccinating our children. Parents must have a list of side effects and the side effects should be public! These vaccines, which are really genetic modifiers, are dangerous and will potentially sterilize our kids. Absolutely not!!! 
There is no emergency. Kids are not affected by covid. There will be more adverse events and damage from these shots than compared to recovering from covid. A terrible idea all the way around.
Please do not approve the Covid inoculation/shot for 5-11 year old children. They do not need it. More testing should be done 
I am against mandatory vaccines on minor children! This goes against my religion. 
This vaccine was rush approved which means we have no idea what the long term affects are. It’s not protecting individual as is, why are we putting something in our body that our corrupt government (our government OWNS the CDC) is approving. Also FORCING people to take something or suffer consequences is already sketchy as hell. Smells like new world order…
Please do not in anyway allow this shot to be given to any child or any person under 30. It should be illegal
You can’t approve something with no proven track record due to not enough TIME! These are our future. Our children. We are better than this to pretend kids are at even a small risk. Please stop the madness. 
No. Just no. Risk from vaccine is much greater than risk from COVID.
Our children should not be subjected to taking a untested vaccine
Vaccine mandates for ALL ages are wrong!! Mandates are not needed!! Mandates are unconstitutional!! I hope I made myself clear enough for you to understand!!
Every human body reacts to medicine differently. No medicine should be forced upon every individual. There should always be right to choose. I do not support this mandate.
Given the rising number of deaths from the vaccine as well as vaccinated people who are now experiencing Covid, I beg you not to force this vaccine on children.
Do not allow this for children. The data shows the potential harm would vastly outweigh the benefits, if any, for this age group (5-11)
The decision to vaccinate my children is my choice! There is not enough science/time behind these vaccines....we do not know the long term side effects. 
Statistics continue to show Covid-19 poses little to no risks to children 5-11. The vaccine should have long term (several years) safety data before a mass introduction to our children. There is no emergency posed to our children. Please wait for long term data before imposing this on healthy children who can naturally fight off the virus.
There is no emergency for children 5-11 from COVID-19. Their risk is extremely minor. As such, benefit from the shots (net reduction in risk) is minimal to the point of negligible. As the VAERS data show, the shots are not known to be safe at all. For children, these shots offer serious risk for negligible benefit. There is no medical justification to extend the EUA to children. 
Healthy children are not at any great risk from Covid-19! Children are however at risk from this Covid-19 Vaccine! The severe reactions in older children as reported to VAERS from Covid-19 vaccines are much more dangerous to children's health than Covid-19 disease!Please do the right thing and vote against covid-19 vaccination for 5-11 year old children.
If this enormous experiment fails, people will remember those who were responsible for supporting this decision. Immunity was not granted for those convicted during the Nuremberg Trials, and those who support these medical experiments may face similar consequences for their actions as key decision makers. It is much wiser to exercise caution here and not pay a hefty price if the experiment fails.
I strongly oppose the COVID-19 vaccine for children ages 5 and over.
I hope that you will be honest in your decision on approving the Covid-19 products for America’s children. I believe it is too great a risk to approve these products for a virus that has very little affect on our children. The world is watching you. Please, please be honest with yourselves and each other and leave our children alone.
I have the choice to determine what goes into my children’s bodies. No one else can determine that for me and family. We decide what is best for us, our health and our safety. No one else has that right. Do not mandate the Covid vaccine for children. Our body, our choice.
I oppose the idea of the COVID vaccine being mandated for children. Or mandated at all. The vaccine does not eradicate the disease unlike other required vaccines. These mandates have got to stop. The CDC is a non-governmental authority who offers suggestions. Leave it up to the parents to decide.
The federal government should stay out of healthcare. Vaccines should not be the business of the federal government.
Please vote NO on approving the covid-19 vaccine for kids 5-11! Or any kids for that matter! 
I do NOT support mandating this vaccine on kids. There are too many long term unknowns that many parents are uncomfortable with. Parents that want to give their child the vaccine should be able to, those that choose not to should likewise be respected in their decision.
I have 3 kids 6 and below and its come to my attention about involving chidren 5 and anove for this strange vaccines and i rather feel unfortable for any kids to have themnot even my kids . Either for these vaccines to be approved for any kids yet. This approval has to be kept on more studies and let the people bread their satifaction. Thank you
Please do not allow young children to get a COVID shot. There have been no long term studies on the effects this will have on them long term. This is a criminal act against our children.
Approving this “vaccine” that has already killed 17,000 people (that we know of) for children is CRIMINAL. Only a complete idiot would let their children take this poison for a virus that barely affects healthy kids. It is the hill we will die on!
Don’t you dare make this mandatory for kids. You all have lost your damn mind!
No vaccines for children. Children are not at risk for contracting or spreading covid 19. Therefore there is no benefit to them being injected with the toxic chemicals in this vaccine that is causing thousands if injuries and deaths. Stop this madness before you kill more people. 
Children have strong immune systems. Their age group in not spreading the virus and dying from it. The world sees the big pharma push and more and more are standing up against it. The adverse reactions from the vaccine are worse than the virus. We will not consent. We will not subject our children to the experiment. Stop pushing this vaccine on our children. 
I am strongly AGAINST this. You may not approve this experimental drug for my small children. The data showed they are NOT at risk. Leave the kids alone!
Injecting foreign substances into children, especially substances made with or formulated from aborted cells is evil and dangerous. People are dying from the covid vaccine & the vaccine is causing health issues, such as myocarditis. Children are seldom affected by covid & they're bodies shouldn't be used as an experiment. 
You will not force my child to have a vaccine that has a higher probability of something going wrong, than of my child actually getting sick from it. Not a chance. He will be pulled from the school system entirely 
 No vaccines for children under 18. They are at an extremely low risk of contracting the virus and having severe side affects.
I opposed vaccine mandates for kids! There must be long term studies conducted and data collected first!
There is no reason for a children’s covid vaccine & any mandate for them is criminal. This is brand new technology & children are at such a low risk. If this is approved, it is only due to financial reasons that benefit Pfizer & political reasons. 
These are not really vaccines in the truest sense. Please do not force anything upon those who object to combat a virus which is manageable by medical intervention and natural immunity. 
We want accurate data with the amount of sudden deaths of people who have received a first, second or third dose of this experimental injection. We will never inject our children with an experimental drug. Do proper trials, be honest in the media that these have not been tested for long term effects. Stop lying to the world. Do not approve this for children. 
Children are at more risk of injury from the vaccine than they are from contracting Covid. 
You should be required to prove long term safety over at least 5 years before making such a recommendation! Look at the hpv vaccine, chantix, and many others that have long term side effects that we don’t find out about until 5-15 years down the road. 
I don’t agree with a mandate for the COVID-19 vaccine especially for kids 5-11. As a parent of 3, I would not want my children to take this. As a parent I don’t feel I need to explain why or why not, but I have my kids best interest at heart physical, mentally and spiritually . Approving this vaccine will kill them physically, mentally and spiritually. 
Kids DO NOT NEED the covid vaccine. Their risks were miniscule from the beginning. 
I urge you not to approve a mandate for kids ages 5-12 to receive the coronavirus vaccine. The decision of what is injected into a child’s body should be left to the parents to decide, since they are the legal guardian of the child, not the government or anyone else.
It should be right of the parent/individual to make the risk/benefit for each child. I strongly oppose the mandating of any covid 19 vaccine for children.
Kids should not be forced to take a vaccine when the survival rate is 98% for them and so far the vaccine does not seem safe for adults so it seems absurd to give it to a child. How about we promote healthy lifestyles and good nutrition instead?! Oh, that does not pay well enough!! Shame on anyone being a part of this nonsense.
We can have a choice to murder a baby but not a choice to to get the jab or not? 
Please keep vaccines options for all children. Parents are the ones who should make the decision to have their child vaccinated. Many kids have been exposed to Covid, and have antibodies, which are just as effective or more effective than a vaccine. 
Why is there consideration for recommending a drug be injected into a group of humans indiscriminately for a illness with less than .00001%death rate. Less than 500 total deaths under the age of 18. This should not even be a discussion. The drug in question does not prevent contraction or spread of the virus, so mass injection is a science experiment of the mRNA technology. 
I strongly believe the vaccines should NOT be given to children. 5-12 years of age.
I’m against mandated COVID vaccines for children. Parental choice is imperative for the health of our children, especially with a vaccine that hasn’t had proper time for thorough testing. Wherever there is risk there must be a choice. 
Please do not authorize experimental vaccines and those without cancer and fertility studies for kids. It is not worth the risk and not responsible. We owe kids life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Please do not mandate the COVID 19 to our youth until more long term studies can be completed. We do not know the long term side effects. We need to protect our youth and future generations. The youth are a low risk population so why would we take a risk in their lives. Allow for more research and studies. Thank you 
We know nothing about the long term effects of this vaccine. To push this on children that are near zero risk of death from COVID is unethical, unconstitutional, and shameful. If a child is at high risk, due to co-morbidities, the shot should be optional. We have already found the risk of myocarditis in mostly young adults. We don’t know what we don’t know. Do not experiment on our children. 
I strongly disagree with approving Covid19 vaccines for use in children. There hasn't been enough time to see the long term effects it could have on them. And since many of our youth are already dealing with adverse reactions (i.e. myocarditis), I feel more research should be done before approval is given.
Giving this vaccine to children is child abuse... let alone mandating it. Powers that be- WAKE UP. Do you think you will not give an account for all you do? If the censorship would end you would see YOU are on the wrong side of science. NO LONG TERM STUDIES!! stop the maddness. 
No covid vaccines for kids 5-12! Do not make this mandatory.
Do not require or recommend vaccines for children or for anyone of any age for that matter!! Stop the fraud! Stop the deaths and injuries!
Please consider testing the COVID-19 vaccine longer and evaluating the ingredients of the vaccine and how it affects 5-11 year old children. 
This is absolutely insane. Do not inject children with something their parents do not approve of!!!
Please DO NOT force children to take this vaccination. There has not been thorough testing and verification of side affects made public and there is no recourse if the child develops issues from the vaccination. How is it possible the drug company is not held responsible?
Do not authorize this injection for children. The fatality rate is so low it is barely quantifiable (0.007%). Children are the least at risk population. There is no grounds for authorizing this medical treatment. This injection does not stop transmission in regards to delta it’s pointless at this time. PLEASE FIND IT IN YOUR HEART TO DO THE RIGHTEOUS THING FOR ALL INNOCENT CHILDREN. 
It is unconscionable to give experimental vaccines to children for a disease with a survival rate in this population group of over 99%. No safety studies have been done to evaluate safety or harm for these children, and no data exists to know what the long-term effects may be. I urge you to not approve giving these vaccines to children.
Data from the past 18 months shows evidence that the unknown risks of this experimental injection far outweigh the risks to this age group of an actual covid infection. Please reconsider approval for the sake of health.
We are STRONGLY AGAINST MANDATE OF VACCINE FOR CHILDREN! 
i am against the mandatory Covid shot requirements being dictated by the US Government. Quit trying to shove this down our throats. Dave
I do not want to be forced to take a vaccine. My body my choice!
Our children have robust immune system's without being altered by further injections. Please continue with further non human safety testing. Regards, Elena 
There is statistically speaking NO reason to vaccinate children for this virus. Pushing this agenda only shows this is about money and not about health. 
Are you crazy?? Please do not allow this shot to be approved for children. It has caused enough deaths. The blood of our children does not need to be on your hands! Approve ivermectin it works! There are treatments for covid. 
The risk tragically outweighs the benefit in all who have gotten gene therapy against SARS-2. Stop the child abuse PLEASE.
Stop stripping away our rights! A hard NO On jabbing the children!
NO FORCED MANDATES FOR VACCINES FOR KIDS.PERIOD....
Absolutely no justification for giving a covid 19 vaccine to kids.I would go as far as to say it is criminal behaviour. The risk outweighs the benefits. Stop all vaccinations immediately. They obviously do not work and are not needed by 99% of the population.
Please, our precious children are not at risk for Covid 19, or passing it to others, this is True Science. The Mandate, is Unconstitutional, and you are committingTyranny.God gave "We the People" the rights for FREEDOM! Whoever is responsible will not escape Gods punishment. The Bible is 2/3 prophecy. Your choice.
Can a certified scientist isolate the sars cov2 virus then show data on why this vaccine should be mandated? There are therapeutics and prevention to build the immune system. This is a personal choice not one any government, especially in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, should ever mandate. 
Please do not mandate this experimental vaccine for children ages 5-11. Children have a greater risk of dying from the vaccine than from actual Covid 19.Medical decisions should stay between doctors and patients, and in this case, parents have the right to decide what is best for their children. I strongly disagree with this extreme overreach of government.
Mandating a MRNa COVID vaccine for anyone, let alone children is not okay. This virus has a very high survival rate, especially in children. Please do not mandate this for our children! Kids have great immune systems that will build up against this and create true natural herd immunity. 
Stop mandates and oppressive measures which are stifling supply chain and leading to food scarcity in many communities. This is unacceptable in a democracy and the people demand opportunities for employment to pay for the indlating costs of feeding and housing his family without being forced into a medical procedure. Stop this immediately before you damage this democracy irreparably. 
I do not feel enough research has been done on this vaccine to be giving it to children of Is any age.
Any comparison to the 1905 decision to mandate smallpox vaccination, to the COVID 19 vaccination, is specious on it's face. Smallpox vaccinations were a time tested technique Benjamin Franklin wrote in favor of, over a century before the 1905 decision. Smallpox had a fatality rate of approximately 20% or so, as well. 
Please do not require children to get the Covid vaccine. Children are at extremely low risk of having serious health effects from Covid. There are known side effects. The long term risks and consequences of the vaccine are unknown.
I do not agree with the vaccine for small children that haven't been tested. 
Absolutely NO COVID vaccinations for children.... absolutely NO NO NO and also, NO !!!
And because the vaccine is so new and not tested, it definitely should Not be given to children as young as 5.I am a 74 year old Unvaxxed grandparent and would not be giving this to any of my children.
In general, natural immunity benefits the children and has less risk than the vaccine. With a bad case, early treatment with ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine is beneficial. COVID-19 vaccines are unsafe at any age.
Please continue evaluating the COVID-19 vaccine effects on children ages zero through 12 for the next 10 years. After as well studied, then consider making it a mandatory vaccine. The COVID-19 vaccine was approved with an emergency protocol for safety children ages five through 12 have manageable symptoms for th e virus. There is no reason to subject children to this vaccine. 
I am opposed to requiring ANY age school children to be mandatory. Mandatory vaccine is going to encourage many parents to homeschool. This is going to negatively impact everyone's household and society as a whole. 
Please do not require children to get the Covid vaccine. Parents should have the right to choose what’s best for their child, not the government.
Children are not at risk of death or harmful side-effects from COVID 19. I strongly oppose any efforts being made to enforce vaccination on America’s children!!! Americans will FIGHT for health choice and personal freedom!
I am truly horrified that our country would even consider giving these shots to children whose risk of getting Covid is miniscule. The VAERS data clearly shows that these shots are harmful and Pfizer's own data shows there is no benefit for children to receive them. God help us.
Our federal government has no authority to mandate our children to take vaccines. We do not live in a communist country we live in a free country where individuals get to choose what is best for their children !!! The federal government should never have this right! I don’t care what party you serve! We the people our fed up with this administration!!
The inanity of forcing parents to give their children a vaccine that is untested and possible dangerous. So wrong to remove parental rights. There is no data to prove this is even needed for children. 
Why an administrative institution that calls itself scientific invites public opinion as a consideration for policy decisions puzzles me. So they can use it as an excuse like- "public opinion overwhelmingly supports this approval!" is likely. But since they invited my opinion I gave it. Politely, but, how about no?
I am strongly against masking and the shots they call vaccines, for all people, especially for our children. The masks suppress the growing children’s immune system, as well as they are breathing back in to the poison they breath out. The shots are deadly for children. I pray something soon frappe so to stop this madness.
For the love of everything holy, please find your soul and lead your moral compass in the direction you know it should go! DO NOT APPROVE THE VACCINE FOR 5-12YEAR OLDS!!
By now everyone knows how dangerous these vaccines are, especially to children, so if they are mandated for 5- 11-year-olds, as is planned, you will be sending a certain pre-known number of them to their untimely death and long-term illness. Who could live with being responsible for this?
NO to Covid vaccines for young children ages 5-11.They’re too young. There isn’t enough data. Please say No
Are you people out of your minds? The non-vaccine vaccine is experimental, the disease is survivable at rate of 99.9+Who is paying you to kill fellow Americans?
I have five grandchildren and I am very worried about them being mandated to receive vax. There has not been enough long term studies of the affects of the vaccine on children. Therefore, it is still experimental. Children have a very robust natural immunity. PLEASE DO NOT APPROVE THE MANDATE FOR CHILDREN TO BE VACCINATED.
Forcing these vaccines on children is a violation of the Nuremberg code and our constitutional rights. You should be ashamed of yourselves for trying to take away our children's god-given immune system. There are many adverse reactions. I will take my 99.999% chance of getting covid and surviving.
Absolutely, unequivocally “NO” to mandating or approving this unproven and unsafe vaccine for children!!! This is unjust to “experiment” on these very vulnerable ones!!! I speak up for them on their behalf. STOP this madness!!!
My child is going to be 6, I will not allow my child to get this vaccine! Please stop this!
 We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
I do not feel that the Covid vaccines are safe for young children. Natural immunity is much safer and stronger.
Children are not at risk from getting covid and they do not spread covid as proven by the data. There is NO benefit for our children to be vaccinated. To approve this jab IS egregious.
It is morally and ethically wrong to give children a medical product that is under an EUA for a disease for which they are not likely to ever get sick from. This makes no sense except to the business of selling products. This is a crime against children. Children are much more harmed by the COVID vax side affects than by this disease. 
This is not scientific . Kids don't carry or spread the virus!
I absolutely oppose mandating Vaccines. It is a parent's choice to decide what should be injected into their body. Freedom of choice!!!
I will not support or follow suit in a vaccine mandate for my children even if that means pulling them from the public school system. Something that has no long term studies and could possibly do more harm than the actual virus itself does not sit well with our family.
I oppose our children getting vaccinated. I am standing up for our children and fighting for them since they can’t even make decisions 
Parents should not be forced to give their children ages 5-11 any Covid vaccine. The risk of unknown, unforeseen short term and long term undesirable or even dangerous consequences outweigh the risk of Covid complications for this demographic.
Any vaccine is completely unnecessary for COVID-19 as children have a near 100% survival rate. Thus ANY adverse events or death from these vaccines indicates that all injections for Covid 19 must cease immediately.
The covid vaccine is 100% unsafe for children and should not be given to them under any circumstances. It is experimental gene therapy and has killed and maimed children who have taken it. Children are not at risk from dying with covid and are not typically spreaders of covid. 
I am not in support of adding the COVID vaccine to the required list for children. I will utilize any and all exemptions should this vaccine become a requirement. I will also use every resource available to fight against this.
PARENTS' CHOICE FOR COVID VACCINE. NO MORE GOVERNMENT MANDATES.
At this point in time I am concerned and against the COVID vaccine for children. Long term effects need to be studied before I am comfortable giving this vaccination to my children. Please consider not requiring this vaccine for children this early in the vaccines development. 
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
You will never be able to mandate anything because too many people have humanity. No matter how hard you push, the people will push back. Your mandates are illegal, inhumane, and absurd. 
As a mother to an 8 year old and 2 year old, I am absolutely against this, the vaccines should not be mandated for anyone at any age. This vaccine has NOT been studied long enough to determine that it is in fact safe and that it will NOT cause potential harm to my children now or in future. I 100% oppose this vaccine mandate on all ages, but especially on the children.
I don't support mandating Covid vaccinations for kids, since they are not at risk from covid. This is aside from possible dangerous adverse events from the innoculations
There is no way to tell what the long term issues will be with children who are forced to take this vaccine. They don’t need it. It is still in clinical trials and there are no studies on the long term effects. I don’t know how anyone can possibly think that this is ok to do to children. Vote no
You the federal government have no business requiring mandating an experimental injection on anyone let alone children! This is absolute overreach and completely inappropriate.
Children are NOT the target group for this virus and should not be treated as an emergency. My children are NOT infectious! 
Please do not approve the Covid vaccination for children ages 5-11.
Please do NOT mandate vaccinating children with the Covid-19 vaccine. The risks far outweighs the benefit. I implore you to protect our future generation! 
Children are at extremely low risk for severe Covid. The long-term effects of the current Covid vaccines are unknown, and there are serious short-term risks, including blood clots, neurological problems and myocarditis. The possible benefits of vaccination clearly do not outweigh the risks for this age group. Please do the right thing and do not authorize the vaccines for the 5-11 age group.
As a grandparent I’m very concerned about the safety of this vaccine for children. Although there have been many tests there is still too many questions about its effectiveness and many concerns about the risks. Please don’t approve this vaccine for children because too many government officials will force it on our families. 
Please do not mandate these unnecessary and potentially harmful vaccines on children! This is a matter of parental rights and responsibility; not the government’s.
No vaccines for kids!Covid vaccinations for children are unnecessary and potentially cause more harm than if they were to have covid. The risk of severe adverse reaction is exponentially higher than extreme illness due to COVID. Please please please do not force this vaccination on children.
Much more data is necessary before rushing into a mandate for additional vaccines for young children. The risk is greater than the reward. Beware of hubris.
Only a parent of a child should decide if their child gets any vaccine. The COVID vaccine does not protect people from getting COVID and children are the least susceptible to contracting the virus. Do not force this on the innocent children. 
More long term studies on a Covid vaccine need to be done in order for me to consider giving this to my young children. It is a personal choice and one that should not be mandated for ANYONE let alone young children. 
Covid vacincation of children is unnecessary. More children have died due to the trials and actual covid. This is requirement for control and money. 
There are too many vaccine injuries reported to VAERS to even contemplate making this a mandatory vaccine for our children. Our children are too precious to be used as guinea pigs. There are no studies on long term effects of this vaccine. How can we even consider using these vaccines on our children. 
I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of the adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies. Please don’t approve or mandate this. 
Do not mandate or even use this vaccine on children . It’s unconstitutional! The government has no right to force a vaccine.
I am asking you to please protect our constitutional rights and vote against mandates or recommendations to give the Covid vaccine to any child between the ages of 5-17.
I myself got the vaccine but I’m totally against my children receiving it. Children are strong and can fight COVID. No one should be forced to take a vaccine. This is America, the free country. All the forcing is causing crazy controversy. I will not allow my children to receive it.
This should not be mandatory! Parents have the right to decide what is best for their children. This group of children is low risk. 
This is complete madness. Kids don’t need masks, they don’t need testing. They don’t need experimental gene therapy for a virus that has less impact on them than the flu. 
There is no reason to push this vaccine on children. The vaccine requires much more long-term testing. We do not know the long-term effects and need to learn about those before subjecting children to this vaccine. There are too many devastating side effects for teenagers and adults to even consider this safe for children.
Attn: We DO NOT support mandating vaccines for children. Sincerely, Donna Drake 
I don't agree we should be authorizing an experimental vaccine to children without the proper studies and safety protocols behind it. Not knowing the long term affects it could have, giving this to children in the beginning of their lives. I can't positively say this will end well. 
Please do not allow experiments on our children! There is not any need. They are rarely ill from any virus, and if they are, quickly recover.
No more mandates!! It’s an individual/parental choice!!
No more vaccine mandates! It is a parents choice, not the government. The government is not there to force people into doing things that they feel may harm them or their children’s health. Americans have had enough of you idiots trying to control everything we do! It should most definitely be a choice not a mandate!
You will not be vaccinating my grandchildren! This is cruel and harmful. They are not your guinea pigs! Stop this madness!
Mandating vaccines (especially experimental ones that have not gone through years of testing) is wrong and unethical. We should have the personal choice of what to put in our own bodies. As parents, we should have the right to make medical decisions for our children. This proposed mandate is an over reach of authority and should not be tolerated. 
Until we know the long range effects of these vaccines we should NOT expose our children to them! This is simply common sense!!!!
I do not support the mandates for ANYONE & especially not children!! Our bodies, our choice. 
Children have a negligible risk from covid. The vaccine does not prevent infection or transmission. There are possible risks and no long term studies. Children should not be allowed to take this product.
The exoerimental covid vaccine is not ready in terms of completed longitudinal studies, for use with children. Many adults and teenagers are injured from the experimental vaccines already. Please secure more information to ensure better safety and quality control of these products before unleashing their use on our children.
Please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. It is too early to be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Parents have always been responsible for their kids . Let’s them make this choice , too. Thank you!”
The safety data is not looking good nor is the effectiveness of the vaccine children are at low risk and the risk of the vaccine is not worth it compared to the help it may give. Children are not getting or spreading covid at a rate where this is necessary or beneficial. 
Absolutely NO WAY can we administer gene therapy vaccines to OUR KIDS WHEN THERES NO LONG TERM TESTING, AND EXTRMELEY MINIMAL RISK FROM COVID. There is no emergency for kids. Just say no to this NONSENSE. 
I oppose the mandated vaccines for school aged children ages 5 and up. I will not give my child the vaccine. I don’t trust it, it is too new and experimental. I will pull my child from school and homeschool if it is required by the state of California for my child to attend school. I do not trust the vaccine or our governor Newsom. 
I am highly AGAINST this mandate. It should not be mandated for children ages 5-12. This vaccine needs many many more YEARS of testing and research. It is rushed, and I DO NOT feel safe giving it to my children. We should have a CHOICE for our children to have this vaccine. 
As a parent as well as a person if science we do not have enough date and information to prove these vaccines are safe for our children. When I was young my sisters and I were pushed to take the Gardasil shot by our Gynecologist, which we all had negative reactions which is still a problem for us today. Experiment on the adults who are willing, but not the children. 
There is no emergency! Epidemic is over! (in June 2020 per CDC identification of epidemic!) Why are you doing this? You are perfectly aware that kids don’t need it! young people don’t need it! these leaky vaccines! How many people should die or get lifelong health problems? How many is enough for you? just tell us! 
• I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
The covid 19 vaccine should not be mandated or approved for ages 5-11. We are still unsure of the long term side effects 
Current scientific data suggests much more harm than good for Children ages 5-11 to receive the COVID-19 injections. It is not of sound mind to make these recommendations and puts the entire population at risk for a more dangerous outcome than it would be to allow this age group to contract the disease naturally and let it take its course. Please do not do this.
Our children cannot be required to receive a vaccine we have yet to see long terms effects of. It is too risky and this type of decision should be up to the parents, not mandated by the government. Children are not at high risk of getting seriously sick from COVID and therefore should not warrant a mandated vaccine. 
Vaccines should NOT be mandated for children, who have a very high chance of survival. 
I strongly oppose giving these covid-19 experimental vaccines to children until such a time that they are proved safe and effective! The children are the future of humanity and you must slow down until we know more about long term effects unless you goal is to exterminate and sterilize the children! Gather more data and prove me wrong! My children will not be part of this experiment!
It would be criminal to mandate these “vaccines” for children when they are not at risk of covid and there is no long term data on these shots. We can’t sacrifice our children for the elderly. These shots are more dangerous to children than covid is. It’s unbelievable that this is even being contemplated. It’s evil. 
Please consider more testing before giving the COVID vaccine to the 5-11 year old population. Children have a very low risk of illness or death from virus. 
Please do not approve the Pfizer vaccine for children from 5-11. Many teenagers who have gotten this have experienced cardiac problems. Please don't force children to take it.
These shots are a bioweapon and are being used for control purposes. They have nothing to do with health. Far too many people have died and have been mamed by these government mandated shots. Stop this aggression now before it leads to a revolutionary war. 
No mandate!!!!!!!Mandating children will provoke a revolution 
LEAVE MY BODY AND MY CHILDREN'S BODIES ALONE! YOU DON'T FORCE ANYTHING INTO ME OR MY CHILDREN! !!! INFORMED CONSENT!!! YOU NEED TO UPHOLD THE LAW. WE HAVE GOD GIVEN RIGHTS! 
Please do NOT mandate the EXPERIMENTAL COVID shot to 5-11-year-olds! According to Drs Ioannudus & Axfors at Standford University children ages 0-19 years old have a 99.9973% of surviving COVID and they are NOT super-spreaders. As this is experimental and has NOT been FDA approved.
Data shows that children in the 5 - 11 age range should not be getting the jab. They have a greater chance of reacting to the Covid jab in a health threatening way than to get Covid.
Please do not pursue this. There is no science to support the need for children to get this vaccine. This is unconstitutional overreach.
DO NOT JAB OUR KIDS WITH THESE TOXIC CHEMICALS, THIS IS NOT A VACCINE
I strongly disagree with any vaccine mandates. I would however support the government disseminating more information (with the fervency they have pushed for vaccines) regarding what things people can do to help them survive covid and minimize the effects of having it. 
16,766 Americans have died from these vaccines that haven’t even been out a year. Do any murder children as well. They will survive COVID. The risk is too great with these vaccines. No to vaccinating children. 
I am a school teacher. Of the students that I teach, only those who have received the vaccine have contracted Covid (positive test as well as symptoms) or have become ill. NO to this vaccine for our children. NO to a mandate. Medicine is NOT a one size fits all. 
 Please do not authorize use for children. The potential harm it may cause is very concerning compared to the relative known effect that the virus has on this age group.
 I personally know people that have died after getting the COVID-19 vaccination. Children and young adults have a very very low risk of getting seriously sick or dying from contracting the virus. There are too many unknowns with this DNA altering vaccine. Please do not give authorization for this vaccine to be used on five through 11 year old children. Thank you 
No, Vax mandates! This shouldn't even be a discussion 
How can you even think about giving young kids a vaccine that “science” proves they don’t need. How many kids in the age 5 to 12 age group, without underlying conditions have died of Covid. I bet the answer is zero! We are a democracy!
To Whom It May Concern: Please accept this as a comment AGAINST the 5-11 year old EUA. Please do NOT use our children as an experiment.
No forced vaccinations for kids!This is an outrage! The people say no!
Our immune systems are capable of handling Covid. Vit C, D, MANY different supplements available csn handle this vs pushing drugs on these young children with little regard for the long term consequences. Why are you letting big pharma dictate this and letting them profit HUGELY from this? THEY SHOULD BE PAYING FOR THE INFRASTRUCTURE BILL. NO CHILD THAT AGE SHOULD BE GIVEN THIS!!! STOP IT!
I will NOT support or authorize this shot for children. I ask you to please follow the science. Kids are not the problem. Remember, these are children…not animals. Why have them have this shot if it seriously is NOT needed.
Wait until you have all the data. Kids should have individual consent. Wait until all ingredients are available to the public. COVID vax still experimental. 
Please stop all mandated covid 19 vaccinations for children and adults.
Absolutely against. The benefit does not outweigh the risk to kids. Drug is way too new as well, and terrible side effects have been recorded. Not to mention, it should be the parents' choice. 
I adamantly oppose the mandate to vaccinate young children unnecessarily. The risk to them is insignificant compared to other childhood diseases, but the risk and potential side effects are significant. Other countries have refused to vaccinate young children for a variety of safety reasons.
Nuremberg trials! This is absolutely obsurd to require children who have a 99.% chance of servival to take an experimental vaccine! That has proven to cause damage! We the people will not be a part of your experiment. 
This vaccine is still experimental. No one knows the long term effects on adults much less children. This vaccine should not be mandated for children whose bodies and brains are still developing. 
As a mother of 4 (ages 3-13) and critical care RN, currently working in pediatrics, I choose NOT to vaccinate against Covid 19. Again, under no circumstances will I agree to vaccinate my underaged children against the novel coronavirus. 
I do not believe that covid vaccines should be approved, much less mandated for children. The risk of the vaccine is greater than the potential risk of getting COVID-19 for them.
No. My body, my choice. People have the right to choose if they want a new experimental drug given to them or their children. This is unconstitutional. 
It would be criminal to give these unapproved Covid shots to children. Should they get covid, their symptoms are extremely mild and 99.9% survive just fine. Many people have died from these experimental shots and many have had extreme adverse effects. Please stop this with our precious children. 
I don’t want the vax for kids. It is unnecessary! Kids go though it it like a cold ! 
There is such weak evidence that children need this experimental injection. PLEASE vote with your conscience! No one knows anything about the long term effects except that the lab animals all died. Save our children!
I am voicing my opinion of being and standing Against the FDA attempt to possibly harm our children with Covid Vaccines for ages 5-12. This is ridiculous effort to control and eliminate lives in these United States. I cast my Vote No to FDA over rule. 
Mandating vaccines for anyone (child or adult) is a violation of our fundamental freedoms. It's ironic that "my body, my decision" is considered a valid argument for murdering babies but yet that same argument doesn't seem to apply in the case of forced medical treatments. It's simple. Mandates are a violation of our fundamental rights to free choice. 
There is no way I would allow my child to be a subject for experimentation with so-called "vaccines" for viruses. This is madness to be using children for untested inoculations, when the likelihood of their being infected is so low.
 NOT to mandate vaccine for children 5-12 as there is no scientific data to prove the vaccines work 
Vaccines should be a CHOICE and ONLY after extensive testing and research!
You cannot approve an experimental injection for small young kids. Children aren't even susceptible to Covid. How dare you try to harm Children. Stop trying to do this mass genoice of innocent children who you're going to end up sterilizing and causing mycarditis and pariocarditis to. 
I oppose vaccination for children. These vaccines skipped animal testing and many people have already been injured or died. Just look at VAERS Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System.
What has happened to morals and decency. It is absurd to subject children to this injection! How can you allow this to be passed and sleep at night? Shame on anyone who pushes this through or willingly injects their children with this experiment!! It is POISON 
I as a mom of a son 8.5 years old. I don't approve him to get Covid-19 vaccine. I saw side effects for others and kids are safe 99.99% from Covid-19. He is a healthy boy. We don't want him to take Covid-19 vaccine. We saw side effect of Covid-19 vaccine cause many people die. We love our son very much. We don't want him to get hurt or injured from the side effect of Vaccine.
Children have a 99.999 survival rate but you already knew that. So why push the jab? Because you’re evil if you do! What are you going to mandate next,... drinking antifreeze?! Stop poking the bear. You don’t get to decide what “drugs” get put into my child,... that is my right as a parent!
Please keep in mind that your recommendations will predict how schools in liberal areas like Delaware will respond. Do you want to be the only reason many 5-12 year old children develop new medical issues or die from a barely tested vaccination (for children especially), when had they been left alone to deal with the virus without a vaccination, they have a 99.9% survivability rate?
I stand against COVID vaccines, especially for children!!
No vaccine mandates for children 5-12. Benefit does not outweigh risk. 
What is IN these "vaccines'? Without knowing this, there is NO INFORMED CONSENT----for children or adults.
I am STRONGLY against the mandate of children receiving the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Children do not need a vaccine to protect them from Covid. Their immune systems can/need to do their job to fight off the virus. We shouldn’t be putting anything in them that may injure them-we’ve already seen that the vaccine is harming teenagers and adults. We can’t do this to our babies!
There is widely accepted documentation the children DO NOT NEED the Covid 19 vaccine. Stop killing our children!
I am adamantly opposed to mandatory vaccinations for anyone. Especially children.
Please consider the long term effects this could have for our children. We don’t have any studies that show long term efficacy of this vaccine for children and there is a very, very high survival rate. Making this mandatory for that age could be dangerous to not only those children but their children. Please reconsider. Thank you. 
Please consider our children to not being given this vaccine which is still experimental. Please consider other safer protocols for our children.
I am opposed to children receiving a shot for Covid-19. I feel their immune system is capable of fighting for itself and sense they can still get and carry the virus with the shot, it's really useless. Kids receive enough shots during their childhood and some have been injured, let's not continue injuring our future. 
Experimental vaccines absolutely should NOT be mandated or required for minors. 
Please Dear Lord don't let them kill our children 
As a pediatrician I do not believe it is in the interest of society to mandate any vaccine. A free people can choose their medical treatments. Cattle can not. There should be no mandates. I am ashamed of the idiocy displayed by government "experts" throughout this pandemic.
Leave our children alone! They are not at high risk, this has not finished testing yet. Children have already been harmed by the vaccines and have higher risk of covid vax injury than from covid itself! Do NOT approve this! 
For a virus that has a 99.99% survival rate for kids, it makes no sense that we would vaccinate them or require them to be vaccinated with a COVID-19 shot that does not confirm immunity, prevent transmission or spread, and has zero long-term safety studies.
These experimental vaccines have not been Atkins long enough or had enough testing to be deemed safe for use in children. 
No vaccine mandates on children 11 and under please! Please wait! Too many doctors oppose it. It's not worth the risks right now. Please no mandates for our healthy young children.
 Students are at nearly zero % risk of contracting or transmitting this respiratory illness and are instead buffers which help others build their immune system. The overall survival rate is 99.997%. Do not vaccinate our children.
The Nuremberg Code outlaws mandates of experimental Vaccines. The Cominarty vaccine is not available in the USA and is not in production. Therefore it is illegal to mandate them. The FDA change the definition of vaccine to a commodity this experiment. These shots are not true vaccines. Many adverse reactions have been reported. Stop the experiment. Fauci has lied to many times , fire him.
Do not let the Covid vaccine requirement be passed for children. There is already so much discrimination and the kids are building up their immunities. 
I do not support the government stepping in to mandate a vaccination for children when that should be a private decision made by parents. The death rate for children is so low that it is unethical to require children to take a vaccine that has not been fully studied for safety.
There is not enough long term information to mandate the Covid-19 vaccine for children. 
The decision of whether or not a child should get a vaccine (or any medical decision for that matter) should be made by the parent and not the government. Medical decisions for a person have a lot of back information and sincerely held beliefs that the government isn’t able to take into consideration and medicine shouldn’t and isn’t a one size fits all issue.
This is taking away parents rights and freedom to take care of their own children. They know what’s best for their own children. There have been many vaccine injuries with this vaccine and parents have the right to protect their children from these injuries.
Stop all mandates! Stop mandated masking and vaccines. 99% survival rates, high number of previously exposed and those already vaxxed should be ENOUGH. Work force lost-for nothing! Parents rights cannot continue to be trampled on. The research on children has just started and with a higher yield of negative reactions. This is not safe.
Absolutley NO to allowing these experimental vacinnes to be used on our children! I stongly oppose amending the Pfizer vaccine's emergency use authorization for American children between the ages of 5 and 11. Please remember that proper studies have been done. Our children are not high risk, and their young bodies are still developing. Do not approve this use! 
I am a parent opposed with 2 school age boys. I've done my research and feel strongly against vaccine mandate. 
Absolutely NO!!!! The government doesn't have a right to tell me what to put in my childrens bodies. The Biden administration is a treasonous dictatorship. I'm so disgusted with this administration. I hate what's happening to our country with this demented dictator in the White House. He is hated worldwide. No vaccines for our children
The adverse effect of Myocarditis in the 12-17 aged group. This should stop it's giving to a younger group. Children have a 99% to survive it.
Just wanna express that I think it’s absolutely insanity to vaccinate children. So I am completely against this and I want my voice heard!
I think the vaccine has not undergone trials. I do not feel the government has a right to force this on people in order to obtain services. We have God given rights. So help me God we all will answer to God. Leave my body alone. Sincerely Kamala Pati
May this message document my opposition to approval and/or mandated for school attendance COVID-19 Injections for 5-12 year olds. 
Giving children what is essentially an experimental treatment is immoral.
These vaccines are still in trial stage and not enough data. This should be a parent decision and not government mandate! This is a virus with a high recovery rate for children and we do not know what this vaccine will do to their health long term.
Children 5-11 should not be given this vaccine as there is no evidence of death in this age group. They are not old enough to understand what they are consenting to. Children have a high recovery rate of getting better if contracting Covid. There is no scientific evidence that 5-11 age group should benefit from this vaccine 
Our children are extremely low risk for covid 19 deaths. I am AGAINST New York State and the federal government forcing us to vaccinate our children. It should be parent’s choice like the flu vaccine. 
There is more proof that the vaccine is bad for children than any positive affects. Children are strong and will build a natural immunity unless they are vaccinated. 
This vaccine should NOT be given to children. There’s no good science that supports the this. Shame on the FDA for even considering it.
It has become evident that the "government" does not vote in the best interest of humanity. Nor does it represent humanity. We are at the 11th hour now .... Y O U must N O T use the next generation as your personal lab rats. I ask that each of you search your soul and respond to this vote accordingly. Thank you. 
This virus doesn’t affect children like it does adult and I don’t believe vaccinating them for this particular virus is necessary nor should it be a mandate. We as parents make medical decisions for our children as their voice. This should be an option. 
children should not be subjected to unproven vaccinations, I strongly disagree the this proposal
I am 1000% against a mandatory vaccine for children. Parents should make the decision, not the government. There is not a scientific or medical reason to mandate it for all children. I will remove my child from public schools. 
This has not went through the correct protocols .Vaccines need to be tested on animals for 2-3 years first! Our children are not lab rats! These are MRNA shots of graphene poison!!! These are not vaccines! 
I don’t believe there has been enough time to study these vaccines. I’m not ready to experiment on children. They are not at risk. We don’t experiment on children to protect adults. 
I urge you not to give the covid vaccinations to the age group between 5-11. I believe that the risks far outweigh the benefits for this group, and the fact that myocarditis in young males is quite alarming to me, and also transmission of C-10 among children in schools and daycare is very rare. I just don't believe that this should be authorized.
Vaccinations for COVID for children aged 5-11 is not essential to the health of the child and should be optional for parents to decide. This age group is the least effected in total case number and deaths by COVID. Forcing or even approving a vaccine is increasing the risk of future adverse effects on children of this age group. 
The risk for this “vaccine” definitely outweighs the benefits. Especially for young people, including children. This is clearly a 4th amendment violation. 
To Federal Regulators, It is absolutely absurd and inhumane to vaccinate young children who are more likely to be injured from the vaccine than from the illness itself. This must NOT BE approved! Covid 19 “experimental drug” has more side affects than protection. This has anything to do with the pandemic. 
This is a message urging the US government not to impose a mandate to “vaccinate” our children against Covid-19. It is WRONG. Vaccinating our children before we know the implications of said vaccines is wrong. 
These are not proven enough to damage are you future generation. We do not know the effects long-term effects of these vaccines. At the least parents should have a choice if they want to give their child’s health for an experiment. Government should stay away from parental rights and health choices.
We shouldn’t be injecting things into our children until we know the long term effects. “Without knowing” we will be messing up all of humanity at once, if there are side effects down the road. If even one child is killed or injured just know that will be on you hands
There is no point in vaccinating children with a vaccine that does not prevent students from getting , or spreading Covid. Covid is 99.997% survivable. Absolutely ZERO need. 
So unsafe to administer to little kids. I pray that you come to your senses soon before many more die from your useless vaccines. 
Do not do this to these children. Completely unnecessary.
This is beyond evil!!! You are subjecting innocent children with virtually zero risk to an unproven, controversial gene altering agent for what purpose? 
No child should be injected an EUA vaccine. No long term studies have been done. Focus on early and effective treatment.
This should in NO WAY be given to children until it’s been tested for LONG TERM repercussions!!! As in 10+ years, showing no risk of reproductive issues in the future!!
Mask mandates are a violation of our constitutional rights here in America. 
Long term effects are not known. Why vaccinate kids when kids aren’t even at risk for severe disease? And it’s already been proven that vaccines don’t stop the transmission. Let parents make their own decisions and don’t force any mandates. We’re losing what makes America so great!! #freedom 
This message is to let you know that I do not want my children vaccinated with the Covid 19 vaccine.
Please do not mandate this on our children, this is not what the people want. 
Please DO NOT AUTHORIZE or MANDATE COVID vaccination for Children. We do not have enough long term data to determine if that would be safe. The risk/benefit is still unknown, but it looks now like the risk from Covid does not outweigh the risk from the vaccine. 
Vaccinating children is absolute child abuse.Children have their own natural immunity. They do not need a foreign vaccine. Stop this madness now!
The federal government doesn’t tell parents what is best for there kids!!STOP!!!
 Read this:https://www.geertvandenbossche.org/post/the-unforgivable-sin 
Our constitution protects us from these mandates and absolutely no mandate for children as well as anyone else! It is not right to have to choose between your health or a financial job. Long-term side-effects are unknown and will continue to be for possibly yearschildren are low risk from covidnatural immunity offers excellent protectionearly treatment therapeutics are effective and underutilized
This is absolutely unacceptable. Do not make an EU mandate to infect our children with this toxic poison. Do not ever subject our children to experimental bio weapons!
Requesting that the approval and mandate for our children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine be stopped immediately. 
Do not authorize this injection for children, especially when the COVID death rate for children under 18 in the US is 0.0007%. There is no emergency amongst our youth. Also, the youth trials of this vaccine are not even close to being done! This is no ground for such authorization. 
I don't feel that it is right to force people to get a vaccine if it's not wanted. Not everyone believes in getting certain vaccines. I will not get the vaccine and I will not let me children get it. You can not force us to give up our freedom. 
There is no excuse to push this non vaccine toxin that is killing people other than to turn citizens into mindless servants. You should be pushing the substances that boost the immune system. Vit D3 vit c zinc quercetin etc
No vaccine mandates for children. Parents are the decision makers for their children. Schools should not be involved. 
 stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine that is not needed. 
I’m writing today concerned for not only my own children but for all of our children! I will not be forced to give a vaccine to my child that has not been properly vetted. I’m in no way anti-vax but I am anti-mandate. I believe it should be the parents choice in what they put in their child’s bodies. It is not the governments place to tell us how to parent. 
It is totally wrong to submit young children to these experimental drugs, leave them alone if adults what to be involved fine...leave kids fkn well alone you inconsiderate bastards... karma comes back to all who play a part!!!!
There are no long term studies so you can not push this Covid Vaccine through for anyone! Please research the data! This is not working!
No more mandates! Stay out of where you dont belong. You dont have that authority over us!!!!!!
0% chance of having a bad case for children. Absolutely no need for a vaccine for them! I don’t know how a vaccine can do better than 0? Don’t waste our money. 
No Covid19 vaccine for children or teens. There is no science but the death rate of vaccine is higher than that of Covid19. Vaccine is child abuse. 
Wheres a child is fifty to one hundred times more likely to die from these mRNA 'vaccines' than SARS-CoV2 (KUNG FLU) approving these for use on children would be yet another CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY.
No no no to jab our children! They do not need it!!! More harm from jab than ever getting the illness. 
I am opposed to the government telling Americans what they must put into their bodies. Especially with a vaccine that has so many badSide effects. 
The science shows that kids are not at risk for serious Covid infections! Follow the science and please, do NOT force these vaccines in our children!!
Experimental genetic injections can't help children. Let them live a normal life and develop their own immunity without experimental risk as shown in VAERS already.
This is dangerous and stupid. Please, please stop. I work in health care. Kids who get sick have serious co-morbidities. No kids get seriously sick. 
Injecting children ages 5 to 11 with a drug approved for emergency use only is not only wrong but unnecessary as well. Children in this age group are not at risk. The fatality rate, from covid, among this age group is infinitesimally small. This is an experimental drug and our children should not be used as test subjects. DO NOT APPROVE THIS EMERGENCY USE ONLY DRUG FOR CHILDREN!!!!
This is an experimental vaccine that has not been properly tested. Please don't let them experiment on our children.
My fellow Americans in the FDA, do not authorize the COVID vaccine for children. They are at such low risk from Covid that they will be in more danger from this proposed shot than from contracting Covid and forming natural antibodies. Thank you for reading my opinion. 
It is against our rights as humans to force these vaccines on us and our children! They are dangerous and we don’t know the long term effects! I WILL be pulling my kids from the public school if this mandate passes! 
I am deeply concerned about vaccines being given to small children with No evidence to support the need- Please stop this!!!!!!!!!
Children are not at risk for COVID-19 we need to look at the science and protect kids from government overreach
Please do not mandate a vaccine that has no long term studies for the children. I cannot believe this is even being discussed.
Please stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe injection.
Please stop this vaccine mandate.This is unconstitutional and against Human rights! This is so wrong! It’s illegal!
Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds.
Please do Not approve the COVID vaccine for children! There are way too many reports of adverse reactions. Please reject this proposal for the sake of all the children in this country. Thank you,Susan Hilvers
Please do not approve this as Emergency use. This is not an emergency for children. The transmission rate from Children to adults has been shown to be minimal. The sample size of any of these studies is way too small to be considered valid.
Please stop our children having and adults being forced the COVID19 Vaccine
Please do not approve these COVID-19 vaccines for children 5 to 11. Their risks from COVID-19 I that age group is much lower than side effects of vaccine and potential long term side effects. Doctors take an oath to do no harm. Adults are able to make a decision for their self whether they need the vaccine unlike children. 
Please please do not try and mandate this EXPERIMENTAL vaccine. It has caused death and irreparable harm. Moderna tried for 10 years to get their mRNA type vaccine passed...and 10 years they were denied...because the vaccine IS NOT SAFE!!
Thank you for the invitation to comment. I am opposed in the strongest terms to any vaccine mandates.
STOP THW SHOT! There is NO NEED to vaccinate anyone for something that is the flu. Children do NOT need this poison. IT'S ALL POISON. NUREMBURG TRIALS #1 IS HERE! GOD BLESS AMERICA!! 
Please don't mandate vaccine. I feel the effects of covid on children is so low snd rare there's no need to take the chance on what the long term side effects might be.
Dear Members of this critically important commission and the issue of essentially 'forcing' children between the ages of 5 through 11 to be given this drug.This synthetic protein vaccine has no short or long term testing especially on children in this age group.Please let wisdom and clarity of thought rule your decision to Stop this abuse of our children.
I am very concerned about giving COVID shots to children. Children are not so vulnerable to COVID deaths to warrant the risk of giving the the shot. We do not have enough info about long term effects. Thank you.
I firmly object to the covid vaccine being approved for children ages 5-11. There needs to be more studies done before this can even be considered approval. 
I am concerned about COVID19 vaccines for youth, the risk of catching or transmitting COVID 19 have been shown to be very low. The risk of potential side effects such as myocarditis and blood clots is too high to justify vaccinating this age group.
I think this is a mistake without further testing. You can't tell anyone what long term side affects could be caused by this. Do not let this go on.
I do NOT approve the COVID-19 vaccine at all, let alone for children ages 5-11. There has not been enough time for research on any side effects. This usually takes YEARS. Please done rush this - our children deserve better. They will be fine catching COVID-19, will they be fine in 10 years from the vaccine?? Fact is no one knows! I am AGAINST giving this to children. Do NOT mandate it. 
True health can not be found at the tip of a needle. What we ingest has far more value than what we inject! As long as they suppress any viable alternatives, they can tote their vaccines as the savior of humankind. Meanwhile the coffers continue to overflow for Pharma, its advertisers, the media, and politicians who all choose to ride on the same gravy train.
My children were affected by vaccination. They suffered with myltiple issues. Stop injecting children with poisons. 
we will fucking kill you all if you come after our kids. none of this is about health, we know the masks are phoney, the mrna clot shots are poison and we're going to kill you all. The Goyim know and it's time you back off because this time you have no where to run. The whole world will hunt those who had a hand in this like the monsters they are. 
I strongly oppose this mandate! It’s unethical to vaccinate children “to protect the adults” my family had Corona and the symptoms were very manageable. We don’t want any help. Please do not make my child have to take a vaccine that he and she do not need or want!
I don't want any mandates on these vaccines for anyone, but especially for children! There's still no data on long term effects, a whole lot of teenagers have mysteriously developed heart problems after receiving them, and the manufacturers can't even be held liable for the harm. For God's sake, put what's right ahead of corporate profits for once!
I am more than unwilling and concerned that any force would be placed on me requiring my children to get the COVID vaccine. Please stop this madness and do not require this. 
Covid 19 vaccine does not prevent transmission it is designed to attenuate the virus within the individual. Zero argument for vaccinating children. However, there is great risk of a variety of side effects, most of which would be far more serious and debilitating than the actual cold.
Please do not mandate vaccination for child ages 5-11 years of age (much less adults) look at the supporting documents for this age group of survival and level of recovery rate. the vaccine does not prevent getting Covid nor does it stop the transmission - only lessen the severity and statics show this age group only have very mild symptoms. Do your diligence - don' t succumb to public pressure !
According to CDC’s own data children are 107 times more likely to die from the vaccine than from covid. Approving this product is a crime against humanity.
I find it unconscionable to even consider approving a vaccine for children to combat an illness, covid-19, which poses almost no threat to children. As you know more children die each year from the flu than have died from covid-19. Please do not approve this vaccine for children.
Stop this madness…this is insanity. There is no way I would vaccinate my child! Enough of this BULLSHIT!!
i do not think children should require a covid vaccine Their immune systems are strong and this shot does show they get a heart condition from it So therefore it is unsafe for children
Long term studies cannot be possible because this is new technology. Our kids have been the most resilient in this whole pandemic, and do not need to be subjected to possible long term damage. 
I strongly appose any mandatory Covid19 vaccinations for children. 
Oppose the approval of Covid 19 vaccine for our children 5-11. There are no long term studies and many adverse reaction to this vaccine. 
Do not approve the vaccine for children! It'll do more harm than good. Our children don't need more mandates. They need an education, not forced masks or forced vaccines...
Stop the MANDATES - don’t inject children. the Nuremberg code states consent is absolutely essential. These don’t work and have caused over 60,000 deaths in the US. LOOK AT CMS data and VAERS. 
Please let’s be patient with our kids. We have to cherish our youth as they are the future of our country and at the very least this needs to be studied longer for their age range. At least make it for kids ages 9 and up to be safe. 
Children are not at a statistical risk of death from covid. Do not push this on children. It is abuse. 
Children 5-11 are not drivers of this virus. This experimental drug does not have enough studies or evidence that it is safe. I do not approve getting it for my children at all 
The government has no right to mandate any health decision for the citizens of this country. Let alone minors. I am fully vaccinated and so are my older children. But decisions like these should remain personal and up to the parents. 
Please do not let our children be vaccinated by this drug. There are too many unknowns. Let the parents & their doctors decide.
This mandate is unethical. Please don’t do this to our children, this vaccine does not have enough study to 100% confirm long term effects. Very disappointed in the actions of your administration. 
It has been proven that COVID 19 doesn't affect kids like it does affect the elderly. More studies on a long term basis should be put into perspective before approval of this for kids under 5 years. 
There's an old expression which bears repeating as it is timely and verifiable....it is..."What you don't use you lose. Giving these vaccines inhibits building your own God given immune....That's just wrong!
Hi I believe in vaccination and both my older kids have been vaccinated as well however at the lowest rate of outbreak I refuse I vaccinate my little ones. It should be a choice. This is not right for others to decide on what’s best for my kids 
Vaccines should not be mandated, especially one that was rushed. Covid does not affect the vast majority if children in a manner in which a vaccine should be mandated. Please allow freedom of choice for parents!!!
Do not require our kids to get Covid vaccines, it’s the parents choice! Do not require kids to get Covid vaccine to attend scho, they need to be in the classroom socializing and learning. I’m class leading is way more effective than home school. Wearing masks and social distance is proving enough to be effective in school. 
Children between the ages of 5-11 are not affected by Covid. There is no reason to inject them with a drug that has not had any long term studies to see if this drug will cause sterilization, cancer, or heart problems. It is immoral to approve this drug for small children. I urge everyone to stop this insanity and do what is best for our babies. This is WRONG and goes against humanity. 
I do not agree with the vaccination of our children with a vaccine that is still in its trial stage. Consider the benefit-risk ratio of children surviving covid naturally versus the dangers of short term side effects that are known as well as long term effects that have not been revealed because of such a short time period of study. 
It is a criminal idea. Vote against mandatory covid vaccines for kids and save your souls
Please don't approve and normalize a drug with no long-term safety studies for children who are at essentially zero risk for the disease. Put the safety of our children ahead of your profits. 
I am not in favor of mandated covid vaccine for children.
There is no medical reasoning to vaccinate children. We do not know the outcome of this vaccination on anyone let alone children. Health care workers have been working non stop as well without the vaccine. Everyone deserves a choice what they need to do with the health and well-being of their body and their children. Thank you
I’ll will not be getting the vax for my 6 and 8 year olds.
Children should not be given this or any experimental vaccine. Covid mortality rates for children are so low that it is immoral to give them any of these experimental vaccines that have already killed over 16,000 adults and caused over 900,000 adverse reactions as reported in VAERS. We must protect this Nation's future. 
There is NO WAY that children need these "vaccines." There is much more risk with them taking the shots rather than getting Covid 19. There are terrifying consequences, including death, horrible injuries and sterility involved, if children get these injections. Children's Risk Of Serious Illness From COVID-19 Is As Low As It Is For The Flu. 
No children under the age of 18 should be receiving the vaccine. They are naturally immune and the potential myocardial risk is so high. We should never be using our children as guinea pigs . Stop this abuse 
I do not believe that children should be forced into getting this experimental vaccine. It should be left up to the parents to decide what is right for their children. 
If this is “emergency” use, what is the emergency? There is no data that shows Covid is an emergency for children. The only data I’ve seen is that kids run more of a risk from the vaccine than they do from Covid. Stop abusing your emergency powers and stop this authorization please. Our children are not lab rats. 
I believe it is medical malfeasance to administer these vaccines to young children who are more at risk of adverse side effects of the shot than at risk of serious covid, particularly as NO studies of long term (> 1 year) side effects are yet known.
leave our kids alone ...no mandates for kids and teens
Covid does not pose a threat to children - please stop exposing them to harmful, untested, rushed, ineffective vaccines that can do irreparable damage on account of a disease that has a 99% survival rate. Americans love freedom, including medical freedom especially when it comes to their babies.
Children do not need this experimental jab. Stop the madness. They have a very small chance of spreading or acquiring this virus. You are overstepping your boundaries.
All available data clearly shows that children are not at risk for covid. And all available data for the vaccines shows a complete lack of safety studies for children and coupled with the staggering death toll from the vaccine, it would be completely irresponsible to allow children to receive this vaccine. We cannot sacrifice our children to make adults lives easier. 
Children should not be vaccinated. They are very resilient. Injecting fetal cells into them will cause harm and possibly due from the shot.There needs to be more studies on this not at the life of our children. 
I am against any vaccine mandates. This should be a decision made by parents for their children, and by people for themselves. I am not against vaccines; I’ve had the Moderna. But it was my decision. Decisions about vaccines should not be from the government. 
NO MANDATES FOR COVID 19 VACCINES FOR CHILDREN!!! 
I a vehemently against mandating the covid vaccine to children 5-11 years old. The science shows that they are not an at risk population. The benefits don't outway the risk.. 5 of my unvaccinated nieces have had Covid and did not experience life threatening symptoms or had to go to the doctor or hospital. They were treated aggressively like they had the flu with vitamin C, D, Zinc, fluids etc. 
Why would the Pfizer vaccine for the age group 5-11 qualify for EUA? Why not wait for full FDA approval?
Children are the least likely to spread the CV19. Look up the facts. This is a bio weapon and should be treated as such. This vaccine will do a lot more damage to children. Look it up. Educate yourself and discern the information you find. 
I am strongly opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccine for children. Young children have a very low risk of serious illness due to COVID-19. However the vaccine side effects can be extremely serious. Once a vaccine is administered it cannot be undone. There must be further study before our children are put at this high risk. 
STOP the covid "vaccines" ... my uncle died right after the shot ... my neighbor still can barely walk after the shot ... STOP the covid "vaccines" immediately.
Fewer cases of COVID-19 have been reported in children (age 0-17 years) compared to adults. Even when they test positive for covid-19, they recover quickly. covid-19 is treatable. Why inject children with is medical device. I am against children being inoculated against covid 19
Covid shot for children: There was not one single case of severe infection in the placebo group of the children trialed. Until you can prove that this shot BENEFITS KIDS it should not be approved for their use. 
It's absurd that this even crosses the governments little peasy head!
NO to vaccine mandates. YES to parental consent. We need a focused approach to protecting the most vulnerable; kids are NOT in that category. The rest is us need to live our lives normally; kids are in this category. 
I believe each parent should and does have the right to make medical choices for their child . No outside agency or government should mandate anything let alone a new vaccine with no long term effect studies. Also the covid 19 virus has more than a 99% survival rate for children. 
Children should not have a mandated vaccine for covid!! I agree with vaccinating children for diseases that CAN kill them. Not ones that they have NO SYMPTOMS OF.
Regarding vaccine mandates for children ages 5-12, it is illegal, immoral, and unconstitutional (Nuremberg Code) to require any kind of experimental medical treatment for anyone at any age. Anyone can choose whether or not to get these vaccines or any other medical treatment but requiring a vaccine that has been in use less than one year is absolutely unconscionable. 
Vaccinating children against COVID is insanity. The risk to minors is a small fraction of a percent. Children need inoculation against government intrusion into their lives. 
My child will not be getting this vaccine, and when the time comes, he will be removed out of the school system if the mandates continue. We need to educate our citizens on how to better take care of themselves, get healthier and eat better, and be accountable for your own health. God bless!
PLEASE do NOT authorize this injection for children. With a 0.0007% fatality rate for children under 18 in America, there are no grounds for authorizing this and more importantly mandating it. Please STOP!
Please in the name of God, do not approve these COVID vaccines for children. Follow the science, as is often quoted, the risk for serious problems in children from COVID is so low that it is a non issue. Yet these vaccines have not gone through extended trials for long term effects. My heart breaks for all the people that have been scared into thinking this is necessary. 
The mortality rate in adolescents from SARS-COV 2 is non-existant. I do not support mandating or even requiring any vaccines for kids of any age. 
I am writing to oppose the premature approval of Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine. The idea of injecting this shot into our young children is beyond outrageous. Studies show Covid is a very low risk to children, so there is absolutely no need for this injection mandate. 
Forcing a child to take a vaccine to reduce the risk of severe disease when they already have a lower risk of harm from said disease than the vaccine itself goes against the science and is ludicrous. 
Please, I implore you to turn aside from any plan to vaccinate 5-11 yr. olds. They are in virtually NO danger from the virus; for that matter it makes no sense to force them to wear masks.
Stop harming our children and claiming it's safe and effective. So many have been injured. These injuries are being buried, so the giant pharmaceutical industries can make huge profits at the expense of others. How can you individuals allow this corruption?
Mandated injections for covid should come to a halt. In no way should they be placed upon children 5 and up. Stop the madness. Individual adults are responsible for themselves. Parents are responsible for their children. The end. 
This vaccine is not safe and should not be used on the children. There is not enough data to back the safety of this vaccine on children. The inflammation of the heart side effects alone are a significant cause for concern. Please do what is just and right for the sake of our children's health and do not FDA approve this vaccine for children 5-12 years of age. Thank you
Until there are multiple options other than the single vaccine that is out there and they vaccine has been around for long enough for us to know the long term side effects, this should not be mandatory for kids. Vaccines that they thought were safe long ago caused fetus abnormalities later in life for people that received it. 
This is madness. There is no way my children will risk adverse effects from this experiment when their risk from covid is essentially zero. Do any of you have the courage to speak the truth?
This is asinine. This is a chemical injection and is not even a “vaccine”. I pray this doesn’t get passed 
Please refrain from requiring any children to have this covid shot. It is not the government's job to do this - especially with something we still don't know all the repercussions on this age group.
NO to vaccine for our children . My nephew is currently hospitalized with myocarditis from vax. My children will not be subjected to this experiment . Stay out of our personal medical decisions 
My household does not support mandatory vaccinations, period….and most definitely not for young children. I stand firm on this decision and will not be considering the vaccination at any time nor will I allow my 11 year old to be coerced into getting a vaccination. 
I am looking forward to Nuremberg trials part 2 against all that were involved with the entire manufacturing of covid. God have mercy on your souls because we the people will not.
There is absolutely zero grounds for authorizing the covid 19 vaccine for children. Do not push forward endorsing a drug that children do not need injected into them. There is a .0007% fatality rate for covid across America for children under 18, the endorsement for the covid 19 vaccine has no grounds or merit.
My child will not be receiving the vaccine and therefore will miss out on going to school, which she absolutely loves. Imagine that ... A child that wants to go to school unable because of this mandate. It's ridiculous that we are at this point. My child, my choice. Don't take her education away from her please!! 
You have ALL GONE MAD! What happened to living in a FREE country with individual rights and appropriate health care not run by govt and the autonomy to do what’s right and good for ones own body and family! You people will rot in hell for this 
This vaccine has not been out long enough to be done to our children. It’s not their job to protect us- it’s ours to protect them. Let’s wait and see how the adults who’ve gotten this vaccine do in the next few years… 
I am firmly against children of all ages being vaccinated against Sars Cov 2. Healthy children have ZERO severe outcomes. They have a far great recovery rate and carry a far lower viral load (because they are mostly asymptomatic) I will not allow any child within my family and extended family to take part in this. It's a sick abuse of power that does nothing to keep our children safe! 
I am highly against giving the covid vaccine to children aged 5-11. Children aren’t dying from this new age flu virus. A virus in which will never be eradicated. Just like the old age flu virus. Will the ingredients be available for parents to read? Approval will only turn into another unconstitutional mandate. Parents will decide on what is best for their children, government!
I will NOT have my children vaccinated against a virus that 99.9% of children survive unscathed witha vaccine that will NOT stop them from contracting the virus and has NO LONG TERM HEALTH STUDIES TO ENSURE MY CHILDRENS SAFETY. YOUR FIRST DUTY IS TO DO NO HARM!
I strongly oppose giving mRNA and DNA shots to children, 5 - 11, who have no risk from COVID and high risks of adverse reactions, deaths, and injuries such as blood clots, heart problems, neurological issues including seizures and paralysis, as well as infertility. Please do not approve these shots for children
These vaccines are unsafe for anyone, let alone our children. I will never give this vaccine to my kids or take it myself until there is proper research and it is made safe for use. The deaths in kids under 18 is higher from the vaccine than covid itself. These mandates must be stopped. No one is safe. It should be a choice!
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS FOR CHILDREN! There is a 0.0007% fatality rate across ALL kids in America under 18! There is absolutely ZERO ground for authorizing this shot. It is unethical and morally corrupt to force a child to have this shot. The risks do NOT outweigh the benefits. DO NOT AUTHORIZE this for CHILDREN. 
There is not enough data to suggest children need this vaccine - it should not be approved. It is not necessary. Please protect our children and reject this proposal. Thank you.
Mandating this for children is criminal and unjust,along with the fact it's not required as children are extremely low risk.I will never support this mandate on any human beings let alone our precious children. 
I am completely against MANDATED Covid-19 vaccines for any child! I am a mother of 3 as well as an elementary school social worker. Just like the flu, this vaccine should be entirely OPTIONAL for parents to decide for their children, in consultation with their family doctors and weighing personal situations, risks and benefits. 
This is unconstitutional and it will harm and kill many children. This madness has to Stop! Covid is not killing our children the Government is with the help of the FDA. Please stop with the lies and misinformation. Leave our children alone!
Stop the mandates! Stop infringing on parents rights! God has given parents responsibility for their children, not the state.
No!!!!!! It is bad enough you are trying to murder adults with this....do NOT subject our children to it!! 
Please do not vaccinate our young children. There’s not enough research on the long term effects on them. We will do irreparable harm by rushing this vaccine mandate
I do not believe our youth need to be vaccinated. The risk is very low in children. They can build natural immunity much easier and is better for future outbreaks. I am vaccinated and protecting my grandchildren from Covid. This vaccine still has too many unknowns to jeopardize our youth. Are you ready to risk that and be ready for the outcomes? 
I Support The showing or airing of This film regarding The Side Effects of getting the jab! 
As a mother of 3 I am absolutely against my children getting a experimental vaccine or any vaccine for that matter. I trust our GOD GIVEN immune systems thank you! 
Please consider the safety (short and long term effects) and lack of prevention of positive covid cases for children. And considering parents right to choose for their children .thank you!
If you want you can take every month a booster, but its immorral and disgraceful what you are trying to do to children. You are too greedy. In few months there will be more deaths from vaccines than from covid. I hope you pay for it.
Oppose mandatory vaccines, especially for children under 12. Follow the science.
Vaccines shouldn’t be mandated for children unless they’ve had extensive testing over a long time period. It’s simply too early and combined with the extremely low risk of COVID for children, it’s not the time to mandate vaccinations for this young age group. Thank you. 
It is clear that covid does not pose a significant threat to children. In trials the vaccine was unable to demonstrate a health benefit. In light of the risk of myocarditis, mandating the covid vaccine amongst children makes no sense and reeks of playing politics with children’s lives. 
Dear FDA Members, With the most sincere plea, I ask you to stop the mandate for children to be vaccinated.I am a mother and grandmother. I have always believed that my children’s health decisions are up to our family and our doctors.Thank you for considering my request! Sharon Turner
Vote NO. Do no subject our young children to an experiment. There are many side affects, many of them could be long-term. There are no long-term studies to support the use of vaccines in children. Children do not need to vaccinated as they have a low transmission and death rate from COVID-19. 
I am opposed to covid 19 injections for children. Children are healthy and have thriving natural immune systems. Frontline Doctors, Dr. Bryan Artis and many other Doctors and Experts have warnings about this. Do you not care about humanity?
Leave our children alone! We do not want our children to get these poisonous jabs! You greedy people know how many people youve killed and injured! I can hardly wait until youre all tried for crimes against humanity, AND YOU WILL BE! REMEMBER A LITTLE THING CALLED THE NUREMBERG CODE?
I do not agree with this. I will keep my kids home schooled. This is against our constitution. 
Why are we trying to make the covid vaccine mandatory for children? When 0.25% of children died from covid. This makes absolutely no sense. Should we really trust a man made drug that will not prevent are kids from getting sick or spreading covid 19? I don't believe so. Where are my American Rights?
NO SHOTS FOR KIDS ....THEY ARE HEALTHY AND DO NOT NEED THIS EMERGENCY SHOT.
I am writing to voice my opposition to mandating vaccines for children. As a mother of 3 and a public school teacher, I find this to be an egregious overreach of government agencies. There have not been enough long-term studies to determine the efficacy of these vaccines and it is wrong to force them on children. 
I strongly oppose the Covid- 19 vaccine mandate for my children. As a vaccinated individual myself, I am against a mandate that takes away the ability to choose what is medically best for my family and for my young children.
Absolutely not! Do not mandate this for children! This will impact their physical, mental, and social well being and be catastrophic for society! They are not spreading this and they have a high survival rate if they get Covid 
Children who have lived on this earth for many years and have lived through many different diseases DO NOT a experimental drug or masks or forced to stay inside away from the sun.. you need to leave the children alone and allow their own bodies to work properly the way it was intended to!!
Please protect the children from these adverse reactions and deaths and DO NOT approve this Covid shot for them. Their risk of severe illness from Covid is incredibly incredibly low and almost non existent. 
I am opposed to mandating the Covid vaccine for children 5-12. I think this is a violation of our basic humans rights as well as our Constitutional Rights as American citizens. 
Any regulations or mandates for the Covid19 vaccine gir use in children is despicable and unnecessary. This vaccine should be totally a choice that parents make for their children. Children have a very small chance of death from Covid and also from yeanmitting it. Please, this vaccine should not be mandated for children.
I am deeply opposed to vaccinating children with any of the available vaccines! They are at extremely low risk from the virus, making the vaccine more dangerous to them than the virus itself. I hope you consider the backlash that will occur if children are injured in any significant numbers. Do not do it! 
The town I in live in has over 30,000 residents. Last week October 10-16 there were 36 covid cases. Only 36. Let’s get your head out of the sand. I will not vaccinate my children with poison. We take the chance of getting the flu every year. Same risk. I strongly oppose my civil rights being violated. NO POISONOUS VACCINES FOR CHILDREN!!!
This has not fully been rigorously tested so don’t use our kids as lab rats!!!!
100 percent opposed to proceeding with authorizing any covid 19 shots to children. The adverse effects far outweigh a perceived benefit for this age group. Proceeding with administering and approving covid 19 shots to these children is unethical. 
I do not want an emergency vaccine to be forced on kids 5-12 years, that hasn’t been studied for a long term bases. 
As a parent, I disagree with vaccinating children. They have an extremely low risk of death from covid 19. Too many older children are experiencing heart related issues after getting the vaccine. Our younger children should not put put at risk.
Quite simply the known risks and unknown long term risks of a Covid 19 vaccine are considerably greater to children 5-12 than the illness itself. The safety of our children should be forefront. I believe a vaccine that has not gone through rigorous trials and long term studies should not be approved. 
Children do not get the COVID vírus you are putting their lives in danger and it should be up to the parent to decide. 
Please do not approve. Children are low risk and just the change of heart damage should negate the approval.
Do not do this to our children. The experimental vaccines are dangerous and can cause a lifetime of problems for children. Let their natural immunity protect them.
Please vote against legislation to mandate SARSCov-2 vaccination for children 5-11. This is unlawaful and quite frankly wicked. Your action or inaction will have eternal consequences for you. Thank you
Please do not consider making the Covid vaccine mandatory. There have been way too many breakthrough cases. Please requiring the vaccine manufacturers create a vaccine that has no breakthrough cases like other mandatory vaccines. This one is not what we need. Also, the death rate is less than 1%. Why make something mandatory with such a low death rate.
Please do not approve the Covid-19 vaccine for children ages 5-11 until extensive experiments have been carried out and sufficient time has allowed for sound scientific evidence of prove their safe use. There is no reason to expedite this approval and risk putting our children’s health, safety, and well-being at risk. Stop the approval.
You must not approve nor mandate the Covid vaccine for children ages 5-12. They are to young to have foreign injections in their bodies. Covid itself is not effecting kids as much as adults, so there is no point in giving them the vaccine. The vaccine will do them more harm than good. 
Please make Covid vaccines a choice and not mandatory! There needs to be more long term data to determine the safety and efficiency of Covid Vaccines. Thank you for your time!
I am against mandating the covid vaccine. It should be a choice. It's concerning that kids between 15-17 are having enlarged hearts. Also where are the packet inserts. What are the ingredients??? Where are the long term studies and a placebo study. 
If we are following the science, this medication will do more harm to kids than anything positive. Clearly, if we move forward with vaccinating kids, this is about something other than virus control.
The data doesn’t support the need for vaccinating kids. Don’t due it.Crimes against humanity. 
Hello-I am writing to express my deep opposition to the vaccination of 5- to 11-year-old children that is being proposed.Their risk of death is statistically zero at this point and the risks associated to this vaccine are many. I still have yet to see a risk-to-benefit ratio study as is required. I feel there is no transparency from the government when it comes to vaccines.
We will not stand for vaccine mandates on children in schools.
I don’t think vaccines should be mandated for children. That’s my job as their parent to decide when and how many vaccines to give them. Please vote no on mandating vaccines for children.
Using these vaccines for anyone under the age of 18 is unnecessary. For any age really. But the percentage of children ages 5-11 that are affected by Covid-19 is so infinitesimal that EUA for a medical treatment while still in the TRIAL STAGE to be used on still developing children is unconscionable. Do not experiment on our children. 
Parents should be the ones making decisions for the vaccination and healthcare of their children 
This vaccine jab is pure poison and not good for any one at any age!!! Has not even true key been approved. Only emergent use and there is no emergency!
Childrenbyand large do not suffer serious adverse effects from covid 19. There are potential serious side effects associated with this vaccines including myocarditis and pericarditis among other problems. Say NO to this vaccine being mandated. 
Please do not do this to the children of our nation. Children have a near 100% chance of survival with this virus. Therefore, there is no reason to put an experimental biological agent, for which we have no true safety data as of yet, into their little growing bodies. This would be a huge mistake! I urge you to make the right choice on behalf of those babies who can’t speak for themselves!
Stop the vaccines and mandates for children, this has got to stop! Let this be for parents choice and parents choice only, not the governments, we do NOT co parent!!! Stop with it!
Please use your common sense. There is absolutely no need to use this experimental vaccine on the youth of country. They are at a extremely such a low risk for getting seriously ill, yet a potentially high risk for adverse effects from the vaccine.This is absolutely ludicrous !
No to experimental inoculations...for children... No for mandating.any medical choice.
Crazy! The government needs to let parents take care of their own children. Government is way over stepping!!! Shots for children should be up to the parents. 
According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. I am also concerned about myocarditis. I do not think it is responsible to consider an EUA for Covid Vaccines for childrens 5-12. Your decision affects so much right now. Please act with prudence.
Regulations.gov Document -FDA-2021-N-1088-0001(+) No. Federal Government cannot mandate any law that's non existent especially when states say no. Trumps Emergency end Oct 21, 2021. No extentions. No Emergency. No more money for covid. It's over tomorrow. Cases down in most states by 80%. Why would you approve this EXPERIMENTAL MRNA TO CHILDREN. ? Will not tolerate it in United States.
Hi, my name is ____________. I’m calling to urge you to vote No on Pfizer’s EUA application for children ages 5 to 11. Pfizer has not demonstrated any health benefits for children and the potential harms are enormous. Thank you honoring your Hippocratic Oath and the Nuremberg Code by voting No.
This is unacceptable..stop poisoning our children! God gave them an immune system that will work better than this garbage you're pushing
Children should not be vaccinated against this virus going on. They are not at risk. 
We have got to have long term testing done before we subject our children to a Covid Vaccine. Please do not approve a Covid vaccine for children at this time!!!
Absolution against vaccine mandates for all ages. For those that want the jab, it's their own business. But leave it to people's choice. 
I oppose the mandate of children or anyone for that matter. This is unconstitutional!
There is not one single thing out there that would warrant this vaccine for children. It is absolutely disgusting to push a vaccine with unknown outcomes on our youth!
We will absolutely not participate in a government mandated vaccine requirement for our children. It is absolutely unnecessary, the approved vaccine is not even available, and there are too many unknowns on the short and long term effects this will have on their bodies. NO NO NO. NO!!!!!
The NIH knows that the virus is less dangerous than the shot. There is no reason for us to use our children as medical lab rats. This is sick and inhuman.
Let the parents decide if they would like to vaccinate their children just like all other vaccinations available. This should NOT be a requirement imposed by the government. 
These Covid shots are more dangerous to children then the actual virus is. I am astonished this is even a question. There should never be a mandate for children.
Once you hold Pfizer liable for vaccine injury, then we can have an honest discussion. Until then, our children are not an experiment. 
Please do not approve or authorize for children, please!!
Do not put a mandate on kids to be forced to take a vaccine that no one knows the long time affects. This is wrong. Do not use the children as test rats!
Please don’t mandate Covid Vaccinations for Kids 5-11.
 long-term side-effects are unknown and will continue to be for possibly yearschildren are low risk from covidnatural immunity offers excellent protectionearly treatment therapeutics are effective and underutilized
You keep your evil, vile, death jabs away from our children!!! How dare you even think a parent would want their child to be your sick lab rat. You people are sick and demented. May your lined pockets comfort you in the fires of hell where you belong and rest assured will be!!! 
Don’t agree with mandating provisionally approved experimental vaccines on anyone especially our children that we have to keep from harms way.
I am writing to strongly urge you against the COVID vaccine for all kids, especially young children. This is still an EUA and essentially still in "testing" phase. It should NOT be given to children until we have years of trials and data to know what the long term and potential side effects are.
Do not use Our children as experiments! “We the People” have a voice and we stand against this vaccine. 
I don’t believe there is enough science behind a mandate that hasn’t been studied. Where are the peer review studies? In addition this is a virus that facci created. Go figure. 
I STRONGLY disagree with children ages 11 and below to get Covid vaccinations! They are the least affected by Covid and vaccines could cause other issues in their growing bodies we do NOT yet know. Stop this insanity!!
It is not in the best interest for young children and teenagers to be subjected to Covid vaccines. We need to protect our children.
Please reconsider allowing vaccines to be administered to children 5-11 years old. Children do not get COVID-19 and shouldn’t be administered this vaccine which may cause them to have severe reactions, including death. Please leave our children alone 
There is absolutely not enough data and studies out for these vaccines to make them mandatory ESPECIALLY for you g children, whose bodies are STILL developing. 
Please stand strong for not advocating in this mandate. Children have their own great immune systems. Consider that if something physically should go wrong with the child that these vaccine companies are not held responsible and all medical costs will not be covered! This breaks our constitutional rights. Think hard for the right of the people and our bodies our rights.
There is no good reason to vaccinate children against covid! There are many good reasons to not vaccinate children! More children die from lightning strikes than from covid. How many children will die or have long term side affects from the vaccine? I beg you not to approve vaccines for children!!
These vaccines DO NOT need to be given to our children. I have many concerns about the vaccine. First is what is in them? Second is there is over a 99% rate that all children will recover quickly if they get sick. Third is it is our freedom of choose. And last of all, I know of several people who have had serious reactions to the vaccine and some who have died. 
This tyrannical government interference in violating our personal freedoms needs to STOP! I am opposed to mandating Covid vaccines in children and adults. It is a personal choice and should not be forced on patents and families.
Where there is potential risk…or any medical decisions for that matter…there must be choice. It is our sovereign right PERIOD
Please note that I urge you to vote NO in allowing children ages 5-11 years old to get the COVID vaccine.
Children are not at risk for covid and do not need the vax. The vax out kids at greater risk of heart and other medical issues than covid ever did.
Since children do not need the vaccines they should not be given the vaccines. It would be much better for them to contract the Covid-19 virus and recover, thereby gaining natural immunity, than to be given vaccines with no liability consequences for the manufacturers. Children are at very low risk for complications from contracting the virus.
It is unconscionable to mandate experimental vaccines (not having been tested thoroughly) for persons who are NOT at high risk and who have a high rate of recovery even when infected. There can be no benign reason for such a stupid mandate.
I am against covid vaccines for children AND adults. I will not submit my kids to this medical tyranny. My whole family had covid and we are ALL JUST FINE now. DO NOT try to push this on the American people. The harm FAR outweighs the good.
I am against mandating the vaccines for young children! 
None of these vaccines have been through long-term trials. Regardless of any material presented by the manufacturers the long-term effects are unknown. The risk of COVID-19 to children is vanishingly small. The risk calculation here is obvious to anyone not willfully blind to it. Pure and simple it is evil to subject children to this kind of medical experimentation for no benefit to their health. 
The vaccine is very risky for children. How many have to die before you’ll recognize that healthy children aren’t at risk for covid. As the vaccine kills children the more people will be hesitant to be vaccinated. There aren’t enough studies to take any chances. It would be criminal to do this. 
I am totally against the idea of having children any age given any of the the experimental c19 so-called vaccine. There are way too many adverse effects, including death associated with this medical tyranny. Children cannot give informed consent. If an adult chooses to take the shot, that's their privilege. All animals tested died. Let that sink in.
No vaccine mandate! Just look at the numbers.. It does not affect children
I do not agree with mandatory vaxxination for children 5-12.All medical decisions must stay within a person's free will and choice. This goes against the Canadian Chartef of Righys as well as the Human Rights act. It is not necessary, children get over this quickly, and build natural immunity. PLEASE DO NOT PASS THIS MANDATE. 
I oppose vaccinating children under 18 for COVID-19. The data shows they are virtually unscathed by the virus and have not spread it to others. Hospitalizations and death of children have been minuscule. The risk benefit analysis on children supports no vac for children. Use the vac for at risk people: elderly, immunocompromised, those with comorbidities. I oppose all mandates. Thank you.
There are no long term tests on the effects of this experimental vaccine and now you want to force it on children. Please stop this madness, vote NO to forcing this on children.
No covid shots for kids!!! Covid is less of a risk for children than the flu. Do not approve experimenting on children. 
This vaccine doesn’t work. This is child abuse of mandate kids to get the shot.
These vaccines are dangerous experiments and kids don't understand that a shot of this experimental toxin-filled vial can ruin their lives and give them permanent health problems or kill them. Protect the children and say NO to corrupt criminal Pfizer (look up their history, it's not an exaggeration) and their 400 billion company that profits off ruined lives and maimed humans.
Leave our kids out of this shit! You guys have no idea the long term effects of this vaccine. At least wait for some science.
These vaccines haven't been fully tested on adults, let alone children. We really need to know the long term effects on voluntarily vaccinated people before we can mandate it for children under 18 years of age.
I am writing this because I am beyond upset with the thought of vaccinating our precious children with experimental injections. We need to have more through research and trials done before subjecting our babies to this. Doesn't, DO NO HARM, mean anything.
Why would you do this? You know kids are not at risk. You know the shot does not prevent disease. I pray with all my heart that whoever reads this will not allow such a thing to happen to our children.
Do not implement a vaccine mandate on our Children!!!
Covid vaccines are too new and still experimental. Our children are not high risk and should not be used in an experiment. Vaccine decisions should always and only concern child, parents and doctor.
The real numbers are not being shown but we all know that kids are not being affected and should not be getting the vaccine since not even scientists know the real impact that the vaccine can have in 10 years or so. 
There is no evidence to support vaccinating children to covid 19 would possibly be more beneficial than the extreme unknown and even known risks it takes on in vaccinating a generation with in experimental drug. Wait. Research. Use wisdom. This is not wise.
Children have no way to decide if they want this experiment. It is not informed consent and therefor against the law. No reason to mandate when preventative treatments exist.
It is not life threatening for a child when they get Covid your poisoning our adults don’t poison our children
I am writing as a very concerned parent with regards to Vaccinating children at such young ages. As every study that has come out shows how LOW of a risk small children are to having any adverse reactions to this. Small children do not need this. Please, please reconsider rolling this out for them.
My children don't need the vaccine. They have been perfectly healthy while living their normal life since the pandemic. We don't know the long term effects on their developing body. So no jab. Thanks.
Hello. I am a concerned parent. Our children are not at risk for COVID-19. The vaccine does not prevent transmission so the argument that we need to vaccinate them to protect others is not founded. The risk is far greater than the benefit. Big pharma has enough money. Tell them enough. We will not allow our children to be experimented on. 
No vaccine for the 5 -10 year old. This is ridiculous. It’s already been found that they can not spread the virus. If they get the virus they have a 99.998% chance of survival. No deaths of our most vulnerable babies. No NO NO NO
Please DO NOT approve or encourage parents to vaccinate their children against COVID-19!!! Especially the 5-11 year old's. There is NO need for children (or anyone else with these leaky vaccines) to be experimentally vaccinated against a virus that poses no threat to them. The risk of vaccine injury is far greater than any potential benefit. Let the children be children!! This madness has to stop.
I am a pediatric OT been doing it for 30 years. Our kids are sicker than ever bc of vax. Look it up. Gates states “we just take genetically modified ingredients and we stick it, Just stick it right into their arms”. Covid is 100% recoverable in this age bracket. Are you trying to kill or harm our children?
Our children already get enough vaccinations. There is no need to keep adding to that list especially with a virus that has such a high survival rate for this age group.
Parents have the right to choose what is best for their children. What you are doing is illegal. 
Children do not need this vaccine. More children have been injured by this vaccine than injured by COVID. This is absurd! My children will NOT get this vaccine. This is a hard stop for most parents. LEAVE OUR CHILDREN ALONE!
I’m fine with having a vaccine for those who want it. But absolutely NOT ok with it being mandated in order for our kids to attend public school. It’s called America the free for a reason. Let’s not take away people’s right to choose for themselves. 
I am opposed to children getting any covid vaccine. They are the least likely age group to have any harmful effects from the virus. They could have more harmful reactions to the vaccine than they would from the actual virus. Please don't allow this recommendation to go forward. 
The decision to vaccinate children ESPECIALLY 5-11 should be on parents and NOT the government. It's bad enough I was told I would lose my job if I didn't get it, but I will not do that to my child. My kin have all their "normal" vaccines, which have YEARS of reserach to back them. This covid mRNA technology is too new to inject into our young. NO TO EUA FOR 5-11 !!!!
Please DO NOT allow for EUA of covid vaccines to 5-11year olds. There are way to many adverse events involving these vaccines to be administering them to a population of people that statistically have nearly zero risk of covid. When issuing an EUA, the benefit should exceed the cost. In this case, there’s is only harm that can be done, as children are of little risk for covid.
Fewer than 400 children in the US have died from Covid and children are clearly NOT the emergency. Please wait for some long term data before requiring this vaccine.
Please do not use our kids as experimental. We have no idea what the future brings after receiving these shots. Our kids are the future.
I am 100% opposed to submitting my offspring and descendants to this new biological product called the Co-vid 19 vaccine. I do not believe it is safe and that to administer it to anyone without their free will is criminal. 
Please DO NOT approve the vaccine for children ages 5-11!!!! Science has shown that the COVID-19 shot, in many cases, has resulted in dangerous side effects for children and adults and has been proven to be largely ineffective at preventing the virus. Look at the science!!! Don't harm innocent children!!
The fact that many scientists, doctors, and other health care professionals are saying to stop all vaccinations until further study should be enough to stop even consideration of vaccinating children. 
I am completely opposed to a vaccine mandate for children 5-12.
Far more risk through vaccine injection than there is from infection. Stop caving and cowering to big pharma.Follow the science not the money.
I am firmly opposed of the covid vaccine for kids age 5-11. 
I am vehemently opposed to approving the COVID 19 vaccine for 5-11 year olds or anyone for that matter. Children are not to be experimented upon. I’ve already seen footage of a 12 year old female with permanent neurological damage. 
No, I do NOT want mandatory vaccines for children!!!!!!!
I do not agree with mandating vaccines for children or any individual. No one should ever be forced into a medical decision they do not believe in for themselves or their children. Separating and bribing children is wrong as well. 
 FDA-2021-N-1088-0001 No to vaccines for children. They are not vulnerable to covid 19. The vaccine puts them at risk for death and serious injury for an absoulute effectiveness of less than l%. This is a crime against humanity and not about health.
Oppose vaccines for 5-11 year olds. The vaccine has not been fully studied and the Coronavirus has little to no effect on children - check the numbers from the CDC or any other source. No need to inject kids with experimental and unnecessary drugs while simultaneously making big pharma billions of dollars... Stop torturing our kids and get this country back to normal. 
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children.Theirimmunological and neurological systems are still in development, making thempotentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults. 
Please keep this vaccine out of our kids this is ridiculous, something that has not been tested especially when the survival rate is so high 99 percentile, the kids do not need it, this is ubsurd that this is even being considered, this vaccine does not protect them from getting covid its only said to make it less likely to get it, keep it away from our kids.
Leave the children alone. The children are not at risk and this shot is not safe for children the children are not spreaders . Leave the children alone . Unethical yo put this poison in children 
Children young adults or even Adults DO NOT need the Covid 19 vaccine. I strongly disagree with the children getting it!!
Govt mandates of vax for children is wrong. The parents should decide if their children should get vaxxed. No place for gov't to have more control over children than their parents. UnAmerican! Against Nuremburg Code! Even for adults, mandating injections against Nuremburg Code.
Children at this age are at a very low risk of serious complications from the disease but there have been significant reactions to older children that have received this vaccine. The risks FAR outweigh the benefits. There are no long term studies about the safety of this vaccine and these children are our most precious resource!!
As a fully vaccinated (against COVID-19) father of two children under the age of 12 I am strongly opposed to mandating the COVID-19 vaccine for children under the age of 12. 
I am against mandatory Covid vaccines for kids ages 5-11. The death rate in children is so low, there is no logical reason for this vaccination to be mandatory. My 5 year old had and recovered from covid-19 in 5 days. This seasons cold was worse than Covid for him. 
There is literally no science or data that would justify mandating a vaccine to any child 5-11, let alone mandating it for anyone under 50. The data is free on the cdc website. You should check it out sometime. 
I have had vaccine side affects from Covid vaccine. Please do not mandate shots for our children. 
Please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. It is too early to be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Thank you!
I do not believe the risks involved with this vaccine are worth taking with young children who are not very susceptible to getting this disease and that the vaccine should be reserved for the elderly and immune deficient adults instead. Please do not promote this vaccine or require it for our young children.
Regarding FDA-2021-N-1088, I have written and am attaching below a statement to express the grounds for my opposition to the EUA of the experimental Pfizer vaccination to children ages 5 to 11 years old.
I am a doctor of chiropractic and request that the FDA not approve vaccines for children.I perceive the risks I have the vaccine to be greater than the potential benefit has very few children become seriously ill from Covid and we do not know the long-term effects of the vaccines.
I believe ill be eternally damned if i take this vaccine. And forcing it on my child is wrong its my child she dont want this vaccine and believes the same.Plus this mandotory what about our freedoms 
It is beyond unwise to risk the potential harms of vaccination in a population with, statistically, no risk from this virus. If the argument is to shield the population at large, then you are arguing for child sacrifice. 
I strongly disagree with the forced vaccination of children. This medication is too new. We do not know the Kong term effects. The virus has minimal risk to children. PLEASE DO NOT PASS ANY MANDATORY REGULATIONS. 
To Whom It May Concern:Please do not consider mandating Covid 19 Vaccines in children of any age. The vaccine should not be mandated in adults. There has not been enough time lapsed post vaccination trials to monitor the long term effect of the vaccines in children who are still developing. Please this is barbaric. Sincerely, Angie Parton, mother of 7
I think that children of any age should be spared from the vaccine/jab until proper long-term studies have been completed and the gene therapy is deemed safe and effective for children. We all know that the mortality for anyone under 50 from the CV19 virus is much lower than for the elderly, so there is no basis for this push for injections in children. Thank you. 
This virus has a 99.98% recovery rate! Shame on you for wanting to jab our children!
Your own advisory board has laid out the dangers of this "vaccine" to anyone, especially children. We the people will not hold you guiltless for their injuries and deaths. Whatever money you gain will do you no good when you are tried for crimes against humanity. 
I urge you to say "no" to covid shots for kids. We would need years of safety studies in order to know the long term risks and benefits. This is not the time to expedient on kids! Statistically the kids are at more of a risk from adverse events than they are from covid19. Pay close attention to the recent data, and kitten to those who have experienced an adverse event from a covid shot.
No vaccine mandates for anyone. That decision should be made between the person and there Dr. Not by a government agency, or anyone else.
DO not allow children 5-11 to be mandated to be vaccinated against Covid. According to the "science" that we are supposed to be following, they ARE NOT in the high risk group and never were. Let them be kids for Pete's sake! Drop all this nonsense!
Do not mandate "COVOD immunizations" for any children. The risk to them from COVID infection is miniscule and therefore the risks of the V are absolutely unnecessary. 
Please vote to NOT APPROVE the COVID 19 vaccine for children. They are not at risk and the vaccine side effects are likely significantly worse than their contracting this virus. The key for justifying your no vote is the precautionary principle. You MUST err on the side of safety. Thank you!
NO experimental shots for our children! Absolutely NOT. 
Our children need to be protected from experimental vaccines. The proper protocol has not been followed and our children should not be guinea pigs and put it risk. See the Nuremberg trials, you will be held accountable.
Vaccinated people can get and spread Covid. The long term side effects of the vaccine is unknown. If the definition of a vaccine would not have been changed it wouldn’t even qualify as a vaccine. The employees working for the FDA should be held personally liable for any damages caused by the vaccine. If it was safe and effective you wouldn’t have to force people to take it. 
I believe it should be up to the parents for the Covid 19 vaccines to be administered to children. This vaccine has not run it course in order to be approve for children.Amend 
Natural immunity is far superior to any man made adjuvant. A vaccine mandate, or punishment related to such a mandate, is unethical and antithetical to the Life principle. 
I do not believe we should be mandating the Covid shot in children considering their low risk from this virus and lack of robust long term data. 
Our children do not need this experimental jab. Let them be free to experience their innate immunity.
Children should not receive experimental COVID shot! Side effects are unknown. Recovery rate is high. 
Covid shots have no long term safety studies and have caused many serious injuries in young adults. WHY would you authorize an experimental shot for children who are not at risk of serious health issues from the virus? Irresponsible and reckless. Please stop this madness! 
The Epigenetics of each child is unique. Do not bring this experimental vaccination to our children. You don’t know how this could impact not only their immediate health but the long term health 10-20 years down the road. 
Children contracting Covid is a rarity and those who did, survived. This is an experimental drug not approved by the FDA and should not be mandated for anyone.
As a healthcare professional, I do not want anyone forcing anything on anyone, especially children that I do not feel is safe or necessary. I believe it would bring greater harm to their bodies and possibly detrimental to his/her health. I am against mandating any vaccines on anyone. We live in America, land of the Free. Mandating vaccines takes away that freedom. 
I do not agree with a covid vaccine mandate on my still growing and developing children! Never in history have we risked children’s lives to protect adults!!! Existing required vaccines protect children from diseases that had/have significant death numbers in children. This is NOT true for covid! We want freedom of choice!!!!
Crimes against Humanity ... but you know that already, don't you
Children ages 5-11 do not need the Vax. Considering all the reports of frightening reactions/complications (probably underreported) & also considering that no young people were included in the so-called trials, along with the fact that they are not as vulnerable to serious effects of the disease itself, I think it is immoral to subject them to becoming another cohort in this experimental protocol.
If you can still contract and spread after being vaccinated, what is the point in going after children and mandating their injection? Leave the kids out of it. 
I am a child survivor ... of being injured by a vaccine, but with physical defects. No one deserves to be injured now or in the future. The industry must do better and and take high profit out of its end goals. Moral Courage is needed immediately!
I totally think it is irresponsible to even consider an experimental jab for children with a 99.998% survival rate if they contract Covid. I think it is pathetic that there are ANY mandates in effect since freedom of choice is the correct approach.
Do not subject the emergency use Covid-19 injection on our 5-11 year old population. 
Children have robust immune systems. A vaccine for a virus that has a 99.99% survival rate is NOT necessary. More research is needed to confirm the long term effects of this “vaccine” 
No person under the age of 70 needs the COVID vaccine. Except for very specific pre existing conditions. 
This should be a decision between the parent child and Doctor. This should not be Mandated by the government. It has not been proven safe for children. No forced shots for kids 5-11.
With the short term testing on this vaccine we can not allow our child to be the test subjects. I addition children have been unharmed by Covid why would we put them at risk with something that has only short term tests.
As a domestic terrorist who only leaves my house for school committee meetings why should I trust you not to track me down and put me in a gul..., I mean re-education camp for pointing out studies from Israel that dispute you? 
Please do not make covid vaccines mandatory for children. (Or adults either) 
Please do NOT authorize this injection for children. The fatality rate for children under 18 in the United States is 0.0007%. There’s no ground for authorizing this vaccine and putting children at risk of unknown side effects that this vaccine can cause in the future.
I do not agree with the vaccinating of the 5-11 age group. The numbers do not indicate it would be necessary. 
Your overstepping your place in our families health decisions and we will not comply. It is against our written constitution and you’ve already gone to far. Mama bears have had enough.
Do not approve covid-19 vaccinations for 5 to 11 year old children. They are not dying from covid. They are not spreading covid. Look at the research here and throughout the world and the percentage of children affected by covid is way less than the percentage of children who would be affected, injured or killed by the vaccinations. We are years away from proper safety testing.
I do not agree with the Covid-19 vaccine. It goes against my religious beliefs due to the fact that aborted fetal tissue was used in the developing of the vaccine. This should not be forced upon children. 
This Vaccine should not be mandated for children, the least likely to be effected by it. It should be up to the parents to decide. 
It is an absolute overreach that the government would be telling us that kids have to have a Covid vaccine! Do not allow for this
This is out of control and needs to end. No one has the right to say what enters our children’s bodies but the parents. Step back for a second and be a parent first. Would you want your child to have something injected into their body without your permission? Stop this nonsense. 
There is no way this vaccine will be given to my children. Please let us, the parents, choose what is best for our kids. I don’t need then government pushing their tyrannical ways on my family and I. If this vaccine is approved and mandated, we will find alternate ways of life that do not include this political vaccine.
NO! Do not approve this! Our precious children have a 99.999998% chance of full recovery if they are infected with Covid. Flu is far worse than this virus for them and a flu shot is optional and should always remain optional!!! No vaccine mandates. There are adverse effects of this vaccine and it is not safe! 
Me and my family are against this experimental vaccine. You have no clue what long term side effects it will have on anyone, let along our young children. 
Vaccine mandates must be stopped. There have been. I long term studies, and are causing harm to many who have taken them. Children I particular, are not at great risk from COVID. Furthermore, all people should be able to choose what goes in their body. STOP using American citizens as test animals. 
We don’t have enough research on this vaccine. My cousins husband dies one month and 13 days after receiving his second vaccine. These mandatory vaccines are not ok. 
Stop vaccinations for children !!! Myocarditis is one of the major side-effects for younger group of people who receive covid vaccinations.. Less then 600 children died from Covid, about 1000 children a year die from pneumonia. Children have a higher chance of developing a side effect from the vaccination rather then dying from Covid ! The Vaccine is proven that it doesn’t stop the spread !!!! 
I will not support vaccination for children until long term studies inside affects from the vaccine are complete. We live in a FREE country! You can not force vaccines. 
No! No to mandates! No to children mandates for this rushed vaccine!!!!!
The government has no right to make medical decisions for my child by mandating the vaccine for children. As a parent it is my responsibility to decide what is right for my child.
Please.....this vaccine is not for children (or adults). I will be frank......and comment that.....in my world of friends, family and others, I now know of more people that have died...yes died of complications of their vaccination than of Covid itself.......common sense please.....the risk is greater than benefit. 
We do NOT want forced vaccinations for anyone! We do NOT want Covid vaccinations for children! Especially NOT for children 5-12 NO to forced mandatory vaccinations!!! STOP mandatory vaccinations!!! 
My student will not be vaccinated! I will pull him out of public school before that happens.
Time is short. Choose the side of good not evil and live. Do not poison the children anymore. Chronic illness speaks the truth. 
Do not mandate the COVID Vaccine for young children. We as parents should be able to make that decision without consequences or restrictions like we do with the flu shot. 
I am a mother of two, a registered nurse and a lifelong resident of Massachusetts and I am writing in strong opposition to mandating the experimental covid shot to school aged children. There is no place for the one size fits all medicine in this country. 
Please do not MANDATE the COVID vaccine. Receiving a vaccine should continue to be a choice. It should never be forced upon, which goes against our individual rights and parents and individuals to make individual decisions based on our own variables. PLEASE VOTE NO.
Please DO NOT mandate Call vid 19 vaccine for young children. Please allow freedom of choice. It has not been fully proven that the vaccine will help children as well as the side effects that it cost. Thank you!
Children don’t get get sick with COVID therefore they don’t need to be injected with mRNA vaccine that has not been studied in long term use, and has a lot of side effect. It should not be mandatory for children, it should be up to the parents to make that decision. 
The government has NO right to force inject anything into my body or my children’s bodies. Our rights come from God!
You must be involved with family to keep them safe.Don’t stick your head in the sand and hope it all turns out in your favor.
I'm strongly opposed to these vaccines. The science clearly shows they are a danger to children, a greater threat than the virus itself. There are several red flags about this entire situation and the mandates must be ended now. This is supposed to be a democracy and our children are not guinea pigs!
FDA-2021-N-1088, No mandating vaccines for children 5-12 years old.
I do NOT support vaccination of young (ANY) children!. I do NOT support vaccination of teenagers! ,please STOP this from happening. Every child is different and parents should decide for their children not the state, please stop this, myself and so may other parents are against experimental shots on children! The side effects long term are unknown,!!! 
Children should not be getting any vaccines that have not been tested for LONG term effects. This is absurd & there is no reason to rush something that doesn’t work anyways. 
It is unthinkable that children should receive this EXPERIMENTAL vaccine, especially since they are not susceptible to COVID-19, nor are they carriers, AND because we don’t know how badly this vaccine will affect their future fertility. It makes zero sense!!!
Please stop with unilateral decisions which go against the basis of the Hippocratic oath
Do not mandate these vaccines for our kids! These vaccines are emergency use only and could put our kids in danger. You have no idea of the long term side effects. Stop this madness! My body. My choice!
I am asking that you don’t approve this experimental vaccine for children. They are not at risk from Covid! 
Please do not pass the covid vaccine for children 5-11. The safety is unknown and our children are worth more than that!
There have not been enough studies done to prove effective in our children. With a much higher chance of negative side-effect than benefit, this should absolutely not be used on anyone, especially childten!!!
I beg and plead with you do say no to vaccination mandates with children!!
I completely oppose this vaccine should be given to young children who don’t have a choice what gets put into their bodies. It makes no sense considering the very low infection rate with this population and low mortality rate. This is crimes against humanity and each of you who vote yes will have to bear the weight of your conscious. 
Mandatory COVID vaccines for young children is just not right. There can be more harm to them from the shot than from being naturally exposed to the virus. We don’t know the long term effects of the vaccine yet. Kids don’t need it. 
Absolutely NOT any mandated vaccines for children or anyone else!
No! My kids will not be receiving this just as they never received the flu shot! This needs to be a choice since it is not a true vaccine and does nothing but help with your own symptoms. 
Do not mandated vaccines for children ages 5-21. This vaccine does not have proof of any long term side effects. Myocarditis and endocarditis is on the increase in young males as a side effect. Heart damage can lead to life long problems.Our youth are our most valuable commodity....they are not prone to this virus. 
You must NOT approve the covid-19 injection for children.
Please do not authorize these covid vaccines for young children yet. There is still so much we don't know about them and the side effects for children which could impact them for a lifetime. Children have such a small chance of serious illness from covid, but a higher risk from the vaccines. Should we really experiment on our children? Please decide NO until we have much more information.
Our body, our choice. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. No one should be FORCED to get a vaccine!
 Vacation for COVID 19 must be personal choice and for the kids choice of their parents 
Here is a study that shows there is no relationship between vaccines and cases. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8481107/ Follow the science. Don’t give kids the covid vaccine.
This is a huge violation of the constitution. You cannot mandate a trial vaccine that hasn’t been they animal trial. Especially not on our children. That is the parent’s decision. I Absolutely do not support this!!!!
Giving kids this vaccine is a very bad idea. The vaccine has not been tested in real life and could be harmful to them. There have been adults have died from this vaccine and I don’t want to see any child die from a vaccine that is for an illness that has an above 90% survival rate with no vaccine. Please do not agree to this vaccine for children. 
Please do NOT approve the COVID-19 vaccines for children.They are still in development, making thempotentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults. I know of young people 13 - 24 with adverse life changing impacts from the vaccine and I don't want to see this in younger children. Children are shown to have the greatest survival rate from covid-19 and do not need vaccines in my opinion.
We need to establish a modicum of respect between the legislative body and the individual in this world. If you refuse to respect my ability to make the best decision for my self regarding my own health, how can you expect me to respect your decision making in deeming any drug a necessity?
I am appalled that the FDA would consider vaccinating children with the COVID-19 vaccine when their risk of serious disease and hospitalization is negligible. Moreover, It does not meet the standard for an EUA. Please think of their lives rather than your pocketbook. 
Please let the children develope an immune system of their own. God gave us an incrediable body with a great immune system. We should not mess with it.
I am very much against the FDA approval of covid vaccine for children. Please please do don’t approve this vaccine for children
The so called vaccine has given my friends r Covid and they have died from it. Not safe for children my daughter had Covid in feb of 2020 she recovered at age of 48. I had Covid this past august 2021 at 69 years of age. I will not take the shot 
Absolutely one hundred percent against this!!!!! There should ALWAYS be a choice! Vaccine mandates are unconstitutional and I DO NOT support! 
Stop. The only data available is that these vaccines do not work. Stop this murder for control.
Covid vaccine for children 5-12 should not be made mandatory as the children have minimal risk to death from covid. And there is no long term research as to the risks involved and the benefits of the vaccine in those this young. Also, who is liable if something happens to them after they are vaccinated. If this is no risk, then those who want it mandated, should feel fine being held liable.
I strongly disagree with making it mandatory to give the Covid 19 vaccination to children or anyone that does not want it. WHY ARE YOU NOT DISCUSSING NATURAL IMMUNITY? I am not an anti-vax type however, parents deserve the right to choose what they do (or do not) give to their own children. It is called medical freedom. Leave the children out of this! 
I am firmly opposed to mandating this vaccine for children. It is unethical, given the lack of long term studies done, the low impact of Covid on children, and the fact that the vaccine does not stop transmission. 
Follow the real science! Stop the corrupt mandates for a disease that has not threat to children!
We do not approve of an experimental vaccine distributed to OUR children! We do NOT consent!!!!!!
We should not be forced to vaccinate children 5-11 years old. It is not necessary. I do not feel it is best. It seems "Nazistic". No. I demand the right to choose from advice other than vaccine "pushers". There are other choices. Keep my choice free. Please.
This is unbelievably appalling to me that you would even consider vaccinating our children from a virus that has absolutely no effect on our children! To mandage a medical procedure in the United States is CRIMINAL and against the Nuremberg Trails! I respectfully request that you stop this insanity NOW! DO NOT ALLOW VACCINES FOR OUR CHILDREN! 
Can’t mandate vaccination with such small data on. No mandate. This is the USA
I am against forcing children to take a vaccine that we have no idea about long term effects. This is negligent 
It is absolutely irresponsible and criminal to approve and mandate this vaccine for children. The virus is much less of a threat than the vaccine and we do not know the long term effects of the vaccine. 
Stop the mandates. Stop the lies. It’s not really scientific if you censor opposing discussion and debate.
What is the incidence of myocarditis and pericarditis in children age 5-11 after pfizer vaccine? Especially in males? Given this has seen to be an issue in younger men/teen boys. And have there been any cardiac adverse events in the children observed in the study? 
Children are not likely to catch Covid or get very ill. Before we inject them with an experimental jab we should do more study . We have no statistics or any studies!
Children should NOT get the Covid "vaccine". They have strong immune systems and the number of kids becoming ill enough to be hospitalized is so minimal it can't be justified. It is still experimental and there are way too many adverse events from the supposed "vaccine". Stop this insanity!
I strongly oppose the covid vaccine for children. There's enough data to show they recover quickly from the virus, but not enough long term data to show how the vaccine will effect them. 
Do not approve these experimental vaccines for children. The long term effects are unknown. The survivability rate for COVID 19 for children for children under 18 is extremely high and in this case the potential benefits of the vaccine do not outweigh the risks. 
Under no circumstances should any governing body mandate a medication, biologic, vaccine or any medical device upon anyone without their full informed consent. 
This is not a vaccine ~ it has aborted fetal tissue and metals and HIV and more added to it and has no business going into children of this age type or adults for that matter. 
No estoy de acuerdo a que quieran vacunar a mi hijo con una vacuna experimental, mi hijo no esta para experimentar y tiene a sus padres para velar por su bien y no lo voy a vacunar, no pueden violar nuestros derechos de padres. No vacunas experimentales a nuestros hijos, no vacunas, no voy a vacunar a mi hijo!!!!!
NO to mandatory experimental therapeutic injections!
We know that you know the facts. Use your heart and humanness to decline approval of these Vaccines for our children. Children who are not at risk of covid 19 should not be risking their life and wellbeing by being experimented on. For the future of humanity, leave all greed aside and decline approval of these Vaccines for our children. 
Children are not at risk for Covid. The vax does not prevent Covid and does not prevent transmission. THERE IS NO REASON TO GIVE THIS TO CHILDREN.
Our children do not need this. They are naturally immune. Stop the insanity. If you approve this, then the FDA is just rubber stamping record profits, while accepting bribes to do so.
I am an American citizen and registered nurse that believes the covid-19 shots should not be recommended for children ages 5-11. Research has shown that children that are infected typically don't become as sick as adults and some might not show any symptoms at all. Children have a 99.995 percent chance of survival if they contract this illness.
NO MANDATES. Especially for CHILDREN in which the CV virus poses virtually NO THREAT and even in the elderly, only a 3% risk. This I out of control. Nuremburg 2.0.
Teens are having cardiac events after receiving the vaccination. What could it do to younger children? An EUA is too much of a gamble for children. It needs more trials.
Forcing vaccinations across the board for all children or adults is unconstitutional at its core 
Stop the vaccine mandate for 5 to 12 year olds. Actually stop the mandate altogether. The vaccine doesn’t work 
Inasmuch as children have a low risk of dieing from covid and the vaccine is seriously dangerous (risk of myocarditis being only one possible risk) and we need the children to get us to real herd immunity, I firmly believe that authorizing this vaccine for young children is not necessary, dangerous and ill advised. Sincerely, Dorothy Karpien
It shocks and sickens me that you would ever consider giving these experimental vaccines to anyone, let alone our children. Just one look at the VAERS data should be enough to END this vax program 100%... for ALL persons. 
I think this recommendation to give EUA of the covid-19 mRNA vaccine to children ages 5 to 11 years is a bad idea. Isnt it true that almost 100% of children recover from COVID-19 infections? 
We cannot consider mandatory Covid vaccination for our nation’s children. The risk benefit profile for the vaccine is clearly not in favor of vaccination. We are sacrificing our youth, who have virtually no risk of morbidity or mortality from the disease. This is wrong and needs to stop now. 
There is no reason for children to be vaccinated for covid 19. This vaccine does not prevent them from getting the virus or prevent the spreading of the virus. It cannot be compared to any other vaccines period. It is more like a flu shot. It should be a parents choice to vaccinate thier child or children. NO MANDATE FOR COVID-19 VACCINE!!! 
Please, please do not do this. It is wrong on so many levels.
I am very much against children being vaccinated by something not appropriately tested especially when there is a 99% recovery rate and safer treatments!
Kids don't need a vaccine. They have immune system that works!
You don’t know what’s best for each child. Stay out of parenting.
No covid vaccine mandates for children. There is no data to support this. 99.9 percent survival rate.. 
Please prepare for your participation in the upcoming FDA meeting (October 26, 2021) by reviewing the following with both your personal attorney and in-house counsel:"Trials of War Criminals before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals under Control Council Law No. 10", Vol. 2, pp. 181-182. Washington, D.C.: U.S. Government Printing Office, 1949.]
I am extremely concerned about children getting any of the COVID vaccines there is no reason for it since children recover from COVID very quickly with little or no symptoms and furthermore the vaccines are not safe the reports say one of them causes myocarditis and another causes clots so why would anyone want to put children at risk for no reason? Please don't do it thank you for your time.
It is imperative that you look inside your souls and ask yourselves if you are okay with murdering innocent children? If you are a parent, imagine your child dying at the hands of power hungry monsters for no other reason than profit. I beg you not to enforce these vaccines and if you do. Just remember the Nuremberg Code and Jesus Christ will be waiting.
I am 100% OPPOSED to the Covid-19 vaccines being mandated for children. There is unknown risk, and where there is risk, there must be Choice. We will not comply. Please do not mandate this new and potentially risky vaccine for children. 
I am against the Covid vaccine for children. The risks don’t outweigh any rewards. They’re still developing they don’t need this vaccine. 
Children have not been a factor in Covid-19. They should not be vaccinated because of this. This is not a one size fits all intervention. Parents are the only people that can choose what treatments and medications are best for their children. It must stay that way...as a choice. 
I am absolutely opposed to mandatory COVID vaccines, especially for children. 
No! Please do not do this!! We do not want our children to be forced between requirement and restriction!!
Absolutely not. Kids are fine. We as parents can make the best decisions for our kids. Back off. Completely unnecessary. 
What your Mother say? Let each decide upon their own right and consent. Mandates create divide and destruction; for the love of all that is holy and righteous please listen to your heart and allow each to decide for themselves what is inserted into the physical vessel. We do not give consent to inject or insert vaccines into our children. No matter what age. 
Me the parent, knows what care to dispense to my children. The Government MUST stay out!!!
Why are you using children as a test to this experience? It is their health and well-being we are playing with! Why do you need to force a mandate on them instead of giving the parents a personal choice? Please think with love to our kids!!! Thank you for your future choice which I hope will be no vaccine for children 5 to 11 years of age!!! 
Do NOT interfere with our rights as parents and grandparents to choose what medical procedures are performed on our children. NO to forced vaccines!
No, do not mandate the vaccine for children ages 5-12. Mandating vaccines without an option to opt out is unconstitutional. 
Many kids have preexisting conditions. They cannot be vaccinated with an experimental substance . The choice must be made by the parent . 
Young rarely die from COVID, vaccinating children to wait years for more safety data. Stop the madness now.
Please please do NOT even think about mandating jabs for anyone else! Stop it! Who know what you’re up to. Stop! 
Freedom of choice. Stop mandating every single thing. We will shout. We will fight back. You will lose. We’re tired of this “14 days flatten the curve” bullcrap. Completely against mandating children to be vaccinated without their choice. 
Why would I give my child a vaccine for an illness in which he has a less than 1% chance of dying from? You're ignoring thousands of people who've had horrible side effects from this "vaccine", not to mention all the covid deaths among those who've been given the "vaccine". Do not approve this poison for our children. 
I am horrified that vaccinating children with this gene therapy is even a possibility. I vehemently oppose it. Our own government data shows covid -19 presents a negligible risk to this age group. Approving a vaccine for kids ages 5-11 does NOT meet the standard for an EUA. You know that. Do the right thing!
I do not approve of the Covid vaccine for children age 5-11. Covid is not a risk to children but this vaccine is. 
We do not need a vaccine for Covid for children, stop pushing this nonsense on children and the oublic in general
The Covid Vaccine should not be mandated for any age group but for children who have a higher survival rate and less side effects from the actual virus is just mandated murder. Our children’s lives matter more than any amount of money! 
The US government is overstepping their responsibilities by mandating that people get vaccinated for a virus. The vaccine doesn’t even do what a vaccine is designed to do. Putting foreign antibodies in children that have an extremely low percentage of getting let alone dying from this virus is wrong.
Over my dead body. This is war if stuff like this passes into law. Do the right thing for freedom. My body my choice. 
I am against the vaccine mandate for children. Parents should be able to make the decision on whether their child receives the vaccine. The vaccine is too new and there are too many unknowns for it to be mandated. Thank you for your consideration.
The Covid vaccines have not been thoroughly tested and pose a great risk for children. The data is clear that Covid is of little risk to children. Please put American children ahead of the vast profits of the pharmaceutical companies. They do not have the people’s best interest in mind, only their profits!
Strongly against the COVID-19 vaccines to children, for their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, we cannot afford the potentially risk and damage to them.
There is not enough long term information on the Covid19 shot to mandate children having to take this. Nor should this be mandated with so little scientific information. We work too hard and live our lives making conscious decisions for self to take a risk on this injection without further information which takes years to establish. 
Children should not be forced to wear masks. They are the least affected by Covid and need to build resistance to bacteria and viruses.this is America, we do not do mandates.
I am against mandatory Covid 19 vaccines for children 
Please do not push these vaccines on children. Extensive research must be done. Clinical trials are still underway. The risk of COVID is next to nothing for children, the benefit does not outweigh the risks. 
I am completely against a mass vaccination of 5-12 year olds, especially considering the lack of long term data, and the fact that this age group is largely untouched by Covid. 
I do not agree and approve of the covid shot for kids 5-11 when they have a 99% survival rate nor do they even get effected by it. This medical decision should be up to the parents not the government. 
Please oppose the covid vaccine for children and keep them safe. 
Why do we need to vaccinate kids if effects from covid seem to be less than adverse reactions to the vaccine. Who is going to be held liable and paying for medical bills if our child does have an adverse reaction?
Please do not force our young children to receive a vaccine that really has not been researched long enough to discover the long term side affects. Our children are our future and we need to protect them not use them as guinea pigs!
I am opposed to mandating the Covid 19 vaccine for children. There has not been enough research or long range studies to warrant to approval of this vaccine for children.
I do not want children 5to11 yrs to have the covid 19 shot. Children should not be subjected to an unproven shot. No long term studies on ill effects have been done. No one, especially children, should be treated as lab rats.
STOP THE MANDATES!!!!! There is NO reason to inject anyone with this poison that is in the jab! Espeacially children. Let them Live!!
I oppose mandatory experimental shots for 5-11 year olds. These children are at low risk for poor outcomes, if they even do get sick, which is rare. There is no scientific basis for this idea.
I am strongly against the mandatory Covid-19 vaccine for children or adults. Data from different countries shows very serious advers side effects, including deaths! It is not safe and should not be used for anyone! 
There is absolutely no reason to give children these shots unless you believe in child sacrifice. This is the epitome of evil.
Why are we even considering Covid vaccinations for a cohort whose risk for adverse effects from Covid is so small as to be difficult to quantify (non-immuno-compromised children)? Meanwhile, other countries (e.g., the Scandinavian countries and Iceland) have stopped mRNA Covid vaccinations in those under thirty because the risk of heart damage outweighs the risk from Covid in that population.
FSA 2021-N-1088 Vaccines and biological mandate meg. Don’t allow/ agree this vaccine mandates for our children. DONT DO IT. 
I am vehemently against any government mandate of covid vaccines for my child. It is an individual parents choice only. 
Mandating the vaccine for children is wrong. Parents should have the right to choose what they believe to be best for their child. 
For a Virus that has a 0.003 percent of harming children in a deadly manner this Vaccine will not strengthen their immune system. Natural immunity is the best way to combat this virus. Eating healthy foods, exercising, living without fear is the best remedy. Children should not have to be lab rats in this experimental drug. 
Kids should not get any vaccines. Kid are not at risk
Pls do not approve the vaccine for use in children. The risk of infection and spread by them is far too low to warrant the risk of not allowing their Natural immune system to respond and grow. Immunization of children now in mass numbers will wipe out the control group giving us zero hindsight. Please, for the love of our children, do not approve this!!!
Don’t mandate this mRNA vaccine for our children. People are dying!! 
I do not support the approval of Covid - 19 vaccine for 5-11 year olds. Our children’s bodies are still being formed. We cannot risk health and growth for a virus that has a survival of 98%+. This all seems like madness and we need to stop and think is this for the well being of kids or for money to be driven into the hands of pharmaceutical companies? 
Due to lack of long term data, I am opposed to the approval of this experimental gene therapy in the use of children of any age.
Stop the mandate! We don’t have enough information to put our beloved children at life long risk
It is completely unnecessary for children to be vaccinated against a disease that has a 99% survival rate. More children will die from the vaccine injuries than the disease. Please do not do this.
Please leave the kids out of the vaccine program entirely. Please do not approve any vaccines for our children. God gave our kids a perfectly good immune system so let’s let it do it’s job. As I understand it these vaccines haven’t even gone through their clinical trials yet. Thank you 
These so called “vaccines” should NOT be approved for children of ANY age. They are deadly!!! They should be banned!!!!!
Please consider not approving the vaccine for our children. The side effects are just to unknown. There is no need to inforce this among them at this time. This is not an anti vaccine statement. This is a to new to soon statement. Enough is enough. 
I absolutely have sovereignty over. My children. I am not anti vaccine. But as a medical professional I am absolutely against the covid-19. Especially in children. They have a less then 2 % chance of having a severe reaction from getting Covid, they have a 50% chance of having a bad reaction from the vaccine. The risk outweighs the benefits on this one.
Please do not let political pressure impact an impartial review and complete review. Kids are not dying from COVID alone and should not be subjected to this. Through all the lies and politics going around, the please do not put more blood in your hands!
If you Mandate a vaccine for children and it's a Guaranteed uprising of the American people. You want madness then go ahead. We will not obey we will protect our babies against commies who want to harm them. You're in for a world of hurt if you all pass this. You know it too. See ya soon. We will be heard we will be seen. School as we know it will cease to exist. 
There is absolutely no reason to mandate or give this vaccine to children. They are in the lowest group for Covid deaths. Not to mention those children who already have it and have natural immunity. Data shows more kids have died from the flu than from Covid. No need for this vaccine at all.
I am opposed to the approval of the covid -19 vaccines for children.Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.You all signed the Hippocratic Oath is - please honor it.First, do no harm.
For the love of God, please don't vote for this tragedy. Maybe you sold your soul already, but please, not this time. Let these poor children alone. I beg you to stop!
I would like the FDA to fairly consider the fact that COVID doesn't affect children in a significant way and there has been no significant spread of COVID in the schools. Children do not need this vaccine especially considering the fact that there are no long term studies to show how the vaccine affects their growing bodies. Please do not approve for children. It is unnecessary.
You may regulate and require vaccines all you wish, but there are about 100 million of us who will never comply and we have the ability to overthrow tyranny. Rethink. Carefully. 
Our kids are not at risk and should not be subject to an experimental ‘vaccine’. There are not long term studies on this and there have been way too many adverse reactions AND deaths from this shot. This virus has a 99% survival rate. You do not need a shot when there are multiple treatments available.
Do not make vaccines mandatory for children 5-12. Parents should make this decision, not you!! 
Please do not subject our children to this vaccine that has so little known about it in regards to the side effects, specifically long term. COVID-19 causes very mild to no symptoms in the overwhelming majority of children who get it, so there appears to be no scientific or medical purpose to suggest a necessity for this vaccine. 
Children are not at risk. Children should not be subjected to this experiment. Someone or groups will go under a Neuremburg v.2 in the future for all of this. 
Unconstitutional! Stop taking away our freedoms. Freedom of choice. Freedom of choice!
The information does not appear to support forcing our children to be vaccinated at this time. more research before doing something that can not be undone.
I would like to make a comment regarding COVID-19 vaccine for children ages 5-11 who are still developing and growing. Children have such robust immune systems, there is no reason to need a vaccine, especially one that we do not know what the long term implications. Please do not make our children test subjects. 
I am concerned about the benefit vs risk in beginning to vaccinate kids 5-11 years old. They are at very low risk of dying from COVID and also have very low transmission rates. There is also the very real risk , especially to males, of myocarditis after vaccines. We should err on the side of caution and protect our kids until we know there will be a benefit outweighing the risk.
DO NOT EXPAND Pfizer COVID EUA TO CHILDREN 5-11. The risks outweigh benefit. Myocarditis and other heart problems are significant, lifelong risks. Benefit is nil - children already naturally have 99,998% survival by CDC's own data. There are no long term safety studies. This is not an FDA approved vaccine. DO NOT EXPAND THE EUA.
There is no proof that this vaccine is a necessity for children 5-12. Do not approve it. 
Please delay approving the COVID-19 vaccine for the age group 5-11. I am very concerned about the possible side effects. 
You must not force parents to vaccinate young minor children period.
You KNOW this age group does not need this shot, and the negative side effects far outweigh any perceived good. DO NOT APPROVE
Please stop this experimental drug from being given to our children, they are not at risk and therefore do not need to be our next giunea pigs in this disgusting experiment of humanity .
There is no evidence supporting children getting the vaccine 
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on statistical data, the risks grossly outweigh the benefits. Kids are at minimal risk of contracting and being heavily affected by COVID. We are trying to do something now without knowing the risks we open up to these kids later. Do not force trauma onto kids who have no true risk of being impacted by COVID.
What for? The shots do not give immunity, they have no been tested for long term effects, There are no adequate long-term safety studies of mRNA covid vaccines because the placebo group was “unblinded” and allowed to get the vaccine.children are the least likely to catch covid based on CDC studies. According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive.
Please do not push the Covid vaccine for kids. Kids are at very little risk of adverse affects from Covid 19. Do what's right and do not mandate this vaccine for kids.
 The facts surrounding the covid vaccines are very muddled to the American people. Particularly the side effect of heart problems. And other drugs that will save lives, Ivermectin and Hydroxi. Statistically children are not that threatened by covid. Do not mandates for children.
Please stop this mandate on children immediately. It’s unconditional and it’s hurting our kids. This vaccine should Nunez mandated to those who are the least a threat. 
These mandates are highly concerning due to lack of established safety standards, especially for our youth. The clotting and cardiovascular concerns already present in adults should not be transferred to the youth as well!
Covid poses almost no risk to children. The vax has many risks. There is no real FDA approved shot in america and Biden’s Federal mandate doesn’t exist. Please stop trying to kill people. 3/4s of vax trial participants had side effects. Stop this nonsense. Save our children
Children are a a very low risk from death with covid. They should not be put at higher risk with the covid vaccine. I am opposed to any mandated vaccine for children 5-12.
Kids don't need Covid vaccines. Their immune systems do fine without them.
I am not in support of approving any of these experimental vaccines for children. They are not at risk and studies clearly show adverse reaction that can occur. Giving children heart conditions are not ok with me. Stop this madness!!!!
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
children have a 99.999 survival rate from Covid 19. Kids are not being affected. They do not need the vaccine. Florida is proof of this. Every study shows children do not need the vaccine, especially if they have had covid. Neither do adults. Stop lying to the Amirian People. Do the right thing.
Please reconsider making the vaccine available to children. Children are at low risk of having serious side effects fromCovid. We need additional studies to show the long term impact of the vaccine on children before making it available or mandatory for them to receive the vaccine. Please do not make the covid vaccine available to children. 
This should be the parents decision not a mandate.
Nuremberg trial 2 is coming! Take your clot shot & pound sand!
The science against it is overwhelming. Please, open your eyes to the truth and do not endanger our children.
Children are not at risk for severe reactions to Covid and vaccines are not necessary and have great risk, including death. Please make unbiased decisions for the youngest and voiceless population.
For families like mine that already have enough drug interaction issues this could be a death sentence. Please have common sense : 99.9 survive this and kids are the least affective. If you wouldn’t out in your own child’s arm why would you expect me to do the same?
Please do not make the children get this vaccine. They are not at risk for dying of covid and many ill-effects have been noted in ones that have taken it.
These things do not fit the traditional definition of a vaccine. If it were used, this would not qualify. It does not work, and there is a huge risk of injury, with no party involved being responsible. Children don't get, so cannot spread covid-19. Stop mandating the useless drug. 
As a registered nurse I feelLike it is a crime to vaccinate children for an illness that has a 99.x % cure rate. We do not know long term effects and this could quite possibly cause lifetime neurological and or cardiac problems along with possible sterility. Do not vaccinate our children! 
I am fully against the idea of vaccinating the children with the covid vaccine. There is no need for our government to control what poison we inject in our children. If approved, it is every mother’s right to decide if they are going to give it-NOT the government’s. 
Adverse health effects of the vaccine seen in children. The cure is worse than the disease. 
Please be advised that I stand ardently against any approval that would require children to be injected with any biological material for any reason. Vaccine mandates are not legal and EUA is not permitted while there is proven treatment. On the ground, I am Ploor you to vote against any approval for children or anyone for that matter.
There should be no approval for kids before any long term safety studies have been completed. The survival rate for kids are 100%. No reasonable person would accept an EUA vaccine with death as a possible adverse event. 
These mandates have gone to far. This is supposed to be a free country. We will decide what our bodies need. NO on COVID Vaccination for kids and adults.
Please do NOT mandate the Covid shot to our young children 5 to 11 years old
Please stop this mandate. In is unethical for kids to be forced to take a shot not knowing the long term effects of this drug and not knowing fully what's really in it. Parents are not comfortable whatsoever. And this should be the Parents Choice to make. Plus they don't need it being that kids are at very low risk of dying from covid. 0% chance.
The long term impacts of these are unknown. Child survival rates from covid19 are excellent. I don’t think we should be encouraging vaccines on kids with this tremendous unknown regarding long term affects. Multiple other countries have already halted some of these vaccines due to BAD side affects. I urge you to NOT approve these for our youth.
Why jab the kids when their risk is so low? No! This is nonsense!
This is ridiculous! Kids are better protected without a vaccine than adults are with it! This is medically unnecessary and the long term effects of these drugs are unknown in this age group. The risk isn't worth the reward. And requiring children to receive a medically unnecessary procedure is the Pinnacle of immorality.
We should under any circumstances be authorizing any vaccine that is under Emergency Use Authorization on children. 
I am dead set against any covid vaccine much less pfizer's vaccine to be forced and /or mandated upon children 5-11 years old!!! Pfizer does not care about the health and welfare of anyone, the individuals who run this company are bad people who are the puppets and servants of the elite and do their bidding for their own nefarious agendas.
Do NOT allow our babies get this poison! It will kill them and create permanent disabilities. Please NO
I implore you to stop this COVID vaccine testing but especially let’s do what is best for our children, they do not need a vaccine that doesn’t work and we do not want our children to be test subjects for this vaccine that already has caused to much injury
Please do not approve the covid 19 vaccines for children. There have been many adverse reactions to the vaccines in younger adults such as myocarditis and many others. Children are not affected by covid 19 in the same proportion as elderly adults and there is really no necessity for this vaccine for them
Do not mandate vaccines fir children 5-12. Let families and parents make the choice. Stop the craziness. 
Please be the sane adults that stops this madness. An experimental vaccine for a virus that poses no real threat to this age demographic should never be tested on our children. Be on the right side of history! Vote no. God help us!
Do not authorize Pfizer/BionTech Covid vaccinations for children ages 5 to 11. The risks far outweigh they reward, since child hospitalizations and deaths are so low.
Why would the government insist on giving a lethal drug to young children? You know it will cause death and many other maladies! This is SINFUL! The blood of these children will be on you! 
I do not consent to a mass vaccination. As a parent I should be able to make a decision on my own, if my child should be vaccinated. Especially if you know the side effects. 
Forced vaccination of our children is not okay! We the people will fight back if you come after our kids. 
We know now that the risk of this vaccine far outweighs the benefit. Many of our children have already had the virus and have natural immunity. This vaccine needs years of study not months- it should only be approved for children who have a high risk factor due to other illness. Please do what’s right for our children 
This would be stripping parents of the right to choose what’s best for their children.
There is ABSOLUTELY NO NEED for this vaccine to be approved and mandated for our children!!! What long term data do you have on how this will effect our kids??? They have a greater chance of dying from this shot than they do of dying from Covid! This is insanity! Do not authorize the use of this!!! 
Do not mandate vaccines for children 2 through 11. This should be up to the parents discretion
COVID vaccine is unnecessary for kids. It is dangerous and we don’t know about side effects it can cause in the future. No experiments on children.
This cannot get approved. Children are not dying from COVID. 
I do not support mandated vaccines for children. There should be at least few years study! The parents have the full authority over their children.
Do NOT give the Covid Vax to children. This is totally wrong. It's bad enough requiring adults to take this awful shot. Why are you trying to kill or harm people with this decision? This is extremely disappointing, to say the least.
Parents have the right to decide what shots their kids get. No vaccine mandates for kids. 
Vaccines should not be mandated for children. They are the least negatively affected by Covid. 
Please do not allow the vaccines for young children. You know there have been no long term safety studies. Money isn’t everything. Please do the right thing.
We don't know the long term effects that these mRNA therapies ( they are not vacines) will have on our children. How are you able to prove that these therapies are safe for our children without that valuable peice of data? Please consider not approving this for children until all proper data can be collected. 
NO ILLEGAL MANDATES TO FORCE MY CHILD TO BE HARMED OR KILLED! My child's health is MY RESPONSIBILITY - NOT THE GOVERNMENTS. This is NOT medicine, it's EXPERIMENTAL POISON! We will fight this to the end! 
We do NOT want this for kids in a FREE America.... This is a recently developed vaccine with little to no long term research. Its should be parents choice and HEALTHY KIDS do NOT NEED IT
Children do not need the Covid vaccine. It is putting them at great risk.
I have had covid twice, I have been vaccinated twice and the vaccine has made me worse.Why is there no help for people with vaccine injuries and long covid.The vaccine is not helping with these issues. — Children, in particular, seem to be impacted by very serious health effects from the COVID-19 vaccines, such as life-threatening myocarditis. 
I have 13 grandchildren who have all had Covid, did well with it, have natural immunity now and shouldn’t have to be submitted to having this vaccine injected into their young and growing bodies. We have NO DATA to determine long term effects. They don’t need it and a huge percentage of adults are vaccinated and should not fear what children can do to them.
We need to stop the madness and allow parents the freedom to make the decisions best for their child. There are not enough or even any head to head trials for this age group to determine the possible side affects on children 
Madness!! Attempted murder of children! Beware anyone involved in this genocide will be held accountable
I urge you not to mandate COVID vaccinations for children if any age particularly 5-11 year olds where there has been a dearth of research for this group and nothing on long term effects. Plus the death rate for this group is practically nil. Yet the adverse events from the vaccine are 7x greater than the disease itself. Stop this insanity!
Please do not enforce or encourage the use of covid 19 vaccines on children in our country. I know people who have been injured by vaccines and their lives are forever altered. This is not the what we need!
Long term effects are not known. Why vaccinate kids when kids aren’t even at risk for severe disease? And it’s already been proven that vaccines don’t stop the transmission. Let parents make their own decisions and don’t force any mandates. We’re losing what makes America so great!! #freedom 
No vaccine should be REQUIRED for anyone, regardless of their age. Period. Personal rights and freedom to choose. It’s the American way and in our constitution! The only reason for government to exist is to protect our rights and property from all comers.
I have personally suffered adverse affects from receiving the vaccine and do not support vaccine mandates for children. There are absolutely no studies that can determine the long term affects of the vaccine on children. 
Where there is risk there must be choice. Children with a 99% survival rate should not be mandated
Please do not pass a bill to force our children to be vaccinated with the c19 shot. We know many people who have had serious side affects and have died from this poisonous shot. It is unconstitutional to force anyone to get it. Law suits are coming out everywhere because it violates our rights and is extremely dangerous! Sincere, a concerned grandmother 
Stop trying to parent our children or controlling their healthcare. Our country was founded on freedom and we ask for continued freedom and right to choose what is best for our families. 
The federal government should not be mandating the COVID vaccine for children. This should be the decision for the parents.
Do not mandate the covid-19 vaccines for minors. We do not yet know the long term affects of these vaccines, they do not prevent the spread or contracting the virus and the pharmaceutical companies have even admitted that vaccinating minors is unnecessary.
You must not mandate any vaccinations for anyone much less children, for a virus that has no affect on them. Let parents decide what is best for their kids. 
Covid is not a childhood disease. Making the jab available for children is great. Mandating it is tyranny. They are at low risk and all adults can get the jab. There is no justifiable reason to mandate this for kids other than the almighty dollar. Our kids are our own. My child my choice. 
I am strongly against any COVID vaccination mandates in general; however I absolutely do not believe that there should be a mandate for children to receive this vaccination. It should be a decision made between a parent and physician, to decide what is best for the health of a child. 
You're kids first! No emergency. No need for youth vax. Stop playing God in a lab.
As with flu shots, no child or adult should EVER be force to take a shot ever. This one size fits all medicine does not work for ANYONE!! What next start hurting children who have adverse side effects to this shot? Or worse killing children when the shot goes bad? Use science not politics when it comes to decisions, stop doing what is Pharma wants!!!
These unproven and unsafe "vaccines" should by NO MEANS be mandated for children nor any one person for that matter. Parents should only be the ones who make a decision for their child/children in regards to what is a best fit for them not any type of agency, affiliation, government, or establishment. This is a violation of our freedom of choice and/or religious beliefs. 
No child to receive the vaccine due to mandates. Parents are the responsible party for deciding the best course of medical care for their children. Mandates are not the answer!
Please do not add yet another vaccine to an already exhaustive list of vaccines that cause so many adverse effects in our children. There are many good treatments for Covid, let’s focus on prevention and treatment in healthy and natural ways.
We the people are extremely against any such vaccine mandate, ESPECIALLY for children. We are paying attention and we know the real science. 
This is total madness and insanity!!! WE the people will not stand for this. Our children belong to us, keep your stinking hands off of them!!
Please don't make the vaccine mandatory. There is not enough long term impact information on the vaccine's effect (especially on children). Thank you for your consideration.
I am concerned that the FDA is considering administering a vaccine that only has an EUA. Amid the public out cries and conflicting information, I feel that the minuscule amount of risk that the Covid-19 virus poses to children is not worth the risk, let alone the controversy, of authorizing (mandating) distribution of a EUA vaccine to minors.
Children are not being affected by COVID - there is an almost non existent risk for them to become deathly ill per data. And the rest of those at risk have the ability to get the vaccine so they can be protected from any infectious child if they choose. This doesn’t make any sense. Check out this article https://www.health.harvard.edu/diseases-and-conditions/coronavirus-outbreak-and-kids
You have lost your minds. This is child abuse and then some. The Fraud and Dictator association. Crimes against humanity 
This is experimental, not enough safety data for anyone to be taking let alone our innocent children! Do NOT approve this for children of any age!!!!! There is no way to know what the long term repercussions are! 
I've read that young boys that take the vaccine are 11-16 times more likely to develop heart conditions from the vaccine than they are from Covid-19. Why should we be injecting our children with a potentially life-threatening vaccone when the virus barely affects them?
Unnecessary risk to subject young children to a vaccine that has not been fully trialed. Risks seriously outweigh the benefits as the true COVID mortality rate is so low. 
Please consider the harmful effects the covid vaccine has had on many people, especially healthy young adults. 
With ample evidence of many side effects, over 15,000 REPORTED deaths these covid injections should be pulled off the market immediately!! No long term studies on humans!! EUA only!! It is a flu like respiratory virus that will NEVER be eradicated!! It is a choice if you choose to roll up your sleeve as it is a choice not to!!
Please do not give this to children. They are still experimental and given the adverse reactions seen and the questionable adverse reactions to be seen long term .
My family and I are completely against mandating the covid vaccine for children or for anyone any age for that matter. It should be a personal choice. There is much data and research to show that children are not at risk of getting seriously ill by covid, therefore it is absolutely insane to mandate they get this dangerous vaccine. 
The data clearly shows the experimental "shot" is a failure and is killing and injuring hundreds of thousands of people. Young kids have over 99.9% chance of surviving Convid-19 and don't need an experimental shot which has a higher risk of injury. Do the right thing and deny this approval. 
I say enough is enough, children have and are building immunity cells in their blood. It is reported by numerous Doctors and researchers that the jab kills the T Cells and immunity system.
This age group has not shown significant illness & no deaths related to Covid 19. Mandatory vaccination is a government overreach & violation of civil rights in our democracy. Continue to keep Covid 19 vaccinations optional for these school children. Thank you.
STOP Covid Vaccines, the most dangerous vaccine and affront to sanctity of life and humans in our lifetime. STOP Covid Vaccines because they are Experimental and Proven to cause death and severe harm. STOP Covid Vaccines Now.
I’m a parent of 3 boys. My husband and I are fully vaccinated but deeply concerned about my children getting the vaccine when they are so low risk and we don’t know the long term effects.
Our children do NOT need a Covid shot. They are not at risk. There are treatments, SAFE and economical treatments, if they do get sick. PLEASE DO NOT PUT AN EXPERIMENT IN OUR KIDS!!!
Children do not need covid vaccinations because the virus poses no risk to them. It is cruel and inhumane to force these drugs with very limited study of long term risks and effects. 
Covid mandates for ANY KIDS. NO COVID MANDATES FOR ANYONE. My body. My CHOICE...remember?
To try am experimental drug on children makes no sense given their risk factor even if they develop COVID-19 
May I strongly recommend you tell Pfizer to stick it where the sun doesn't shine? Why do they not try it on themselves first? Hmmmm...
Do not mandate vaccines for children. The mortality rate for children taking the vaccine is much 174x higher than the child COVID mortality rate. Mandating child vaccination would be akin to murder.
I am not supportive of vaccines for children as the science doesn’t support the need to vaccinate this low risk group. 
According to CDC data, children are 107 times more likely to die from the vaccine, than from COVID. 
Please, ignore the anti-science brigade who has politicized this virus/vaccine and give us parents another layer to protect our children by approving the Covid-19 vaccine for 5-11 year olds (6m to 4 year olds too, as soon as the data is in please!) Thank you!
I think it’s wonderful that you are working to open up COVID vaccines for younger children. Thank you for saving lives!
Stop this madness today. The vaccines are killing men, women, and children. How much death is necessary for you all to stop the depopulation efforts?
Vaccine is not safe and can cause serious side effects.
This is not an APPROVED VACCINE. The virus is 99.8% SURVIVABLE which means there is NO PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY. There is absolutely NO REASON to stick this in a child, or ANY PERSON FOR THAT MATTER. THINK CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU COME FOR OUR CHILDREN. VERY. CAREFULLY.
I am apposed to all mandatory vaccines but especially for children. I will be watching to see how you vote. You know they are not safe or there wouldn't be an exemption from vaccines for all congress.
Absolutely Not! Our Children are not your Ginny pigs! Time for the evil ones to be eliminated! Period!
NO COVID-19 vaccine mandates for anyone. NO vaccines especially for children! Vaccines are not needed because there is a 99% survival rate, natural immunity, and effective treatments: Ivermectin, Z-pac, Zinc, Vitamins C & D.
Why would you EVER mandate covid vaccine for children when the survival rate is over 99%. This is absurd and criminal. Make vaccine companies liable foe any and all injuries/deaths and guaranteed it wouldn’t be mandated. SOMEONE PLEASE FOLLOW THE SCIENCE AND STUDIES. I WANT TO SEE DATA TO SUPPORT THIS. SO AGAINST THIS MANDATE 
The governments mandates are a crime against humanity. This is history repeating itself with the anthrax vaccine causing Gulf War Syndrome and the meningitis vaccine that was the real cause of the Spanish Flu. As a pharmacist I have never been suppressed or threatened to dispense and FDA life saving drug in the past. This is unacceptable. 
It’s been proven again and again by multiple studies that if a child/adult who has gotten COVID-19 already they’re in better shape to left alone. With no additional vaccinations. But typically when these type of meetings are set up, it’s all a front. You guys and the administration that backs you up bought you out already. This is all for show. 
This should not be mandated for this age group or any other age.
Please do NOT approve these vaccines for children of any age. 1. There are not near enough study data to know what the harmful affects might be. 2. Children have near zero chance from harm if they get the virus. 3. The vaccines do not remove transmission of the virus.
Please dont jab the children with this exprerimental jab of covid19 vacc. They are our future generation.
Your proposed mandate to administer this injection flies in the face of "do no hard". It was been reported that IF a child contracts COVID 19 then their recovery rate is all but assured. This injection with its long list of both lethal and adverse reactions is what your trying to decide utilize? Please think-your actions & decisions on this matter could devastate an entire precious generation. 
There is no emergency here for children. Why are we rushing this when children are NOT in danger. I do not think that this should be recommended for young children. 
Do not authorize this injection for children. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is no ground for authorizing.
Dear Friends, Please don't make children take a vaccine that they do not need. The number of children dying of Covid-19 is very, very small. Why would we do this to them? Please don't do this. With Love,William Fettig
Covid 19 vaccines should not be given to children under 18. These vaccines should never be mandatory or mandated. 
I am very concerned that the vaccination you are considering for young children is UNNECESSARY, UNTESTED, and is being used as a POLITICAL tool. I am worried that my grandchildren will be COERCED into getting this and may suffer ADVERSE EFFECTS that may cause lifelong damage to their bodies or even DEATH. Please DO NOT approve this vaccine for children. 
Decisions on how and when kids are vaccinated belong to the parents ONLY. Vaccines should NOT be available at schools where kids can be vaccinated without informed consent of an adult related to the child. Emergency Use FDA approved vaccines should not be given to ANYONE. 
The fact that you would even consider it using a vaccine that has minimal efficacy in an age group that has minimal risk with a platform that has limited long term research is mindless. What is wrong with this picture? Everything. And yes! I did the research to INCLUDE the transcripts of the meetings by the vaccine advisory committee. Why push something you know is of limited benefit?
I am 100 percent opposed to the vaccine mandate for children. There have not been enough studies to prove that it’s safe yet. We should be protecting our children/our future, Not injecting them with an experimental drug. 
Please I'm begging that you do not give full approval for covid vax for kids. It needs more research. Please don't make the research be our children. If you give full approval there are so many kids that will be forced to take it and that's just not right, especially for a vax that doesnt stop transmission. I'm begging and praying
I work in healthcare. The only person the vaccine as a possibility of helping is the person getting it. People that get the vaccine still get covid. Still pass it around. And actually make it a lot harder to follow protocol in healthcare. People are in denial. If you wish to get a vaccine to protect yourself that’s your right. You shouldn’t force it on anyone else. Especially children. 
Absolutely Unbelievable that we the Non Vaccers are being exploited against!!! The Charter of Rights simply stated in section 7!! It’s our Right to refuse such a Vaccine!!! Period!!! No questions asked!!!
Child vaccinations should not be mandated and should be a decision made by both parents. 
Please do not mandate people to do things that they do not want to do. Maybe YOU should move out of the land of the free if you don’t like it.
Children are being harmed by this vaccination, as statistics are clearly showing. DO NOT support vaccinations for children 5-11. It is nothing short of criminal, and those who vote for it are highly suspect. Thank you.
C'mon, Man! We all know the truth here! Stop the nonsense and this insidious evil program and leave children alone. DO NOT VACCINATE CHILDREN!
You will not vaccinate my child nor any other children. So you can stop discussing this now. 
Please consider the long term damage this mask mandate will do to our children, and please consider all Science, all Science that are both pro Vaccine/mask and Scientific views that are dissenting against the Vaccine and mask, because Scientific studies and views are after all…based on Science
No forcing vaccines on children!!! Its the parents choice!!!! 
 please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. It is too early to be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Thank you!
There is absolutely no need for children to receive a Covid shot. They are barely effected by the virus when exposed and their natural immunity from their immune systems has shown to be far superior and capable compared to any known alternative. 
STOP KILLING OUR CHILDREN! This is an experimental drug not yet APPROVED! OUR CHILDREN HAVE A 99.97% CHANCE OF SURVIVAL! There are other medications for this FLU! STOP working with BIG PHARMA! 
Please do not approve this vaccine for use in our young children. The masks at school are working and the children are not spreading Covid. This vaccine is way too new for most parents to be comfortable having administered to their children. If you proceed with approving this, I and many other parents will have no choice but to withdraw my son completely from public school. 
Stop with the government over reach. I parent my children. I make decisions for my children. I have the final say in everything concerning my children. Stop the mandates for everyone. Especially kids. No one knows the long term effects. 
These vaccines have been rushed and not properly tested for long term use and safety for children. Our children are not an experiment… The virus is not a threat to children. This is not science based. STOP APPROVAL for children!
STAY AWAY FROM OUR CHILDREN! only parents get to say if their child should be vaccinated, NOT THE GOVERNMENT. 
This is ridiculous that I don't get to choose what happens to my body or my child's. It is nit up to the government to decide what is best for my children it is mine as their mother. 
What your doing is criminal we all have Canadian rights and it should be a choice to get a vax or not it should never be pushed or forced tahts disgusting your killing thousands of people with these needles
It is immoral, irresponsible and downright wrong to approve Covid-19 vaccinations for children without proper long term testing. I strongly disagree with the FDA approving EUA for children 5-11. 
I do not support mandatory covid vaccines for children. They are still too much in the trial phase right now. Most children recover quickly from covid and should not be forced to have a vaccine for a virus with such a high recovery rate. It should be a choice if parents would like them to have it. 
There hasn't been enough research done to pass this as a safe "vaccine" for anyone yet alone kids. Do not pass and force this on any age children. We don't want this!
Our children are not an experiment. Please stop this. History will not be kind to this forced treatment. 
Our Children DO NOT NEED TO TAKE A VACCINE WHICH, AS I FOUND OUT, DESTROYS THE JAB RECIPIENT'S IMMUNE SYSTEM FOR LIFE. I say NO to vaccinated children who have very low transmission rate and even if they get it, have a 0.0001% chance of dying from it. WHEREAS, many young people have DIED from the adverse effects of the so called vaccine itself. NO MORE GENOCIDE thank you 
Stop killing our children!!!! Covid can be cured without the non-Vaccine!
Children should not get the Covid vaccination at all The vaccinations have not been approved and I think no child should have it
It’s inhuman to vaccinate children with a experimental vaccine, specially since they aren’t affected by the virus and the virus has a survival rate of 99% in anybody! Stop the none sense, feel God in your heart and stand up to the tyrants and make the world a better place, be a hero not a killer!
Vaccine mandates for any age person are unconstitutional. Not only is it illegal, these shots are unnecessary and dangerous! We will not tolerate this atrocity on mankind, especially our children.
We Do NOT want the covid vaccination approved or mandated for children. 
Please please please don't vaccinate our children!! They have a higher chance of being struck with lightning then getting covid! The love of money is killing too many of our citizens through this vaccine, which is not a vaccine at all! Some of the efficacy rates are down to 20%!
I’m struggling to understand what benefit there is to vaccinate children.they are far more likely to have an injury from the vaccine than from the virus. If the mass vaccinations stopped the variants would slow down. Listen to science about this and trust our own immune systems. Follow the money as that usually seems to be the answer 
I believe that using the general population of this nations children as a test sample for an experimental vaccine that has a dubious history is a huge mistake. Please do not approve this experimentation on our children
This is against my family beliefs and feel you should not be mandating anything on our children. Government over reach. Very disgusted with this.
Look at the science. Look into your heart. Do what's right. You know the data and you've seen the data from other countries. There is no benefit of injecting children. Be brave, stand for choice and freedom. 
I do NOT approve of all children being vaccinated in the US. Parents need to have a choice. It is not up to the a Government agency to make decisions for parents. 
Please do not kill our children and listen to the draconian.
You’re mandating 5 year olds…come on…doesn’t evil draw a line somewhere??
I do not feel that vaccines should be mandated in children. They have the strongest immune systems out of all of us. Don’t ruin that! Mandate healthier eating!!
i do not agree with vaccination for children. Children were not affected by Covid and do not need the risk of taking an unproven vaccine. children do not get sick or gravely ill from the virus. that’s a fact. 
I do NOT trust or support mandatory vaccines for children of any age! This has become the manipulation of a political system, directly opposing people’s right to choose for themselves or their children!!!
Children do not need the vaccine . End of story ……
If this shot is mandated in our Maine schools, I will be leaving school as a teacher and both of my grandchildren will be homeschooled for as long as this mandate remains in place. I am fully capable of schooling them.
It’s so disheartening and frightening to watch the FDA and CDC trumpeting their agenda, and now putting the lives and health of children at risk. For profit. There have been so many occasions you have done this, and iHistory will repeat itself. No long term data to actually prove it is safe. No, thank you.
We do not want out children to be forced to have this vaccine. My children have natural immunity and it has been scientifically proven for years that natural immunity is far greater than a man mad vaccine. There needs to be an exemption for people and children who can provide proof of antibodies who do not need to receive the vaccine.
I oppose 100% to this vaccine. My children will not get this vaccine. If and when, it will be up to us parents. We DO NOT coparent with the government. I will fight until the end even if it means dying for the cause. Leave the kids alone.
Given so many breakthrough cases (Colin powel) most recent. We should not inject this experiment into children who are almost 100% safe from covid.
Not necessary, an extreme Govt. over reach for a condition for such a benign condition in the age group.
I ask that you do not use our kids as experiments and stop the approval and mandates related to the Covid-19 vaccine! Please don’t do this to our kids!
Sad times indeed. The very thought that law makers would openly propose destroying the health of the future generation in order to generate profits and control for big pharma and the technocratic state is beyond disgusting. Anyone supporting turning children into lab rats should be ashamed and resign from holding office. 
Please do NOT approve the COVID injections for children. They are NOT at any serious risk from COVID-19, but they ARE at risk from the COVID vaccines, which have only been tested short-term. "Myocarditis" is now a household word - this is because of the application of the vaccines to children and young adults! It is not a temporary side effect, but life-long.
Our children should not be required to get an experimental vaccine. Aborted fetal cells should not be injected into our children. That is evil!
Hello Alan W. Here from Idaho, natural immunity and necessity Need to be discussed regarding children. As they have little to no need for a vaccine. No 
This is insane. Stop the madness now. The testing is clearly insufficient. 
OPPOSING THE AMENDMENT to the EUA for administration to 5-11 years of age. 
Children do NOT need these vaccines. We do not want mandates or passports. We must not continue on this reckless path.
Please don't mandate the covid vaccine in schools for 5-12. I will not be giving my daughter this vaccine and will have to be homeschooled without her friends. I should have rights and be able to choose not to put this vaccine in my body. So unfair and frustrating.
Do not do it unless you wish to go down in history as unscientific child killers
There is no need to vaccinate children ages 5-11. Sweden and the UK have already banned one vaccine due to its side effects, specifically heart related, in people 30 years old and younger. In a study of 48,000 children 18 and under, there were found to be zero (0) deaths related to COVID-19. COVID does not kill children. The rest of the world knows this. So why are you pushing for vaccination?
We are writing today to add our absolute disagreement with any child receiving the COVID vaccination. There is a 99.99% survival rate for kids. This shot has now been proven to be more deadly and damaging to children than the virus! Please do not be a participant in this madness!
Please do not force this untested, new technology “vaccine” on our children. It’s bad enough my spouse may lose his job over this ridiculous forced jab. This vaccine has harmed more people in under a year than any other vaccine. Take the politics out of our healthcare! Our body our choice isn’t just for murdering unborn babies!
DO NOT APPROVE THIS EXPERIMENTAL VACCINE FOR CHILDREN 5 TO 11!!!!It is experimental and has all kinds of tragic side effects.Approval of this "vaccine" for children would be a crime against humanity.
This is the most insane bill! Children are dying all over the world from this vaccine! Stop the madness now!
We do not need to be experimenting on our children with this experimental vaccine which does not even have fda approval! We say NO to this death shot to our children and our friends! No!
Forcing experimental vaccinations on our kids and all the people is inhumane! Crimes against humanity!
AT NO TIME IN HISTORY HAVE THE PEOPLE FORCING OTHERS INTO COMPLIANCE BEEN THE GOOD GUYS. SEE FILE BELOW. 
Please approve the vaccine for 5 to 11 year olds. My family would like to get our lives back to normal soon. 
I and my husband are strongly opposed to approval of an experimental vaccine for children. The risk for severe covid in children is well below the risk of side effects like myocardis that is proven to be a risk for children. 
MRNA treatment is an unproven treatment for anything. DO NOT experiment on our most vulnerable and most precious. DON'T DARE DO IT!
Please stop all these vaccine mandates!! Especially for our children!!!!
If you approve this vaccine for children you should be tried for Crimes Against Humanity. The true science shows that the vaccine kills more than it helps. Stop covering this up or you will one day be facing Nuremberg 2.0. May God have mercy on your souls. The truth will prevail! https://www.skirsch.com/covid/All.pdf 
Do not mandate this "vax" for children. That is so irresponsible. 
I challenge you to justify, based on peer-reviewed scientific research, clearly demonstrating that such "vaccinations" are SAFE and even warranted. The potential risks are simply too great to ignore. The blood will be on your hands if you proceed without demonstrating need, LONG-term safety, and efficacy, and so on.
Will the FDA approved conmiranty vaccine be available for children 12 and up for California residents who are facing school mandates or will the Bio N Tech be the only vaccine available under EUA for these individuals? 
 I am extremely opposed to the covid 19 vaccine for children. The adverse effects it is having on teens and adults should be evidence enough to stop such an ludicrous idea.
Vaccine mandates on kids are dangerous. It should be a choice. I personally was more sick from vaccine than actually having covid. My child will not get it
Our children are not test subjects! Experimental vaccines should not be approved for children ages 5-11 years old. This must be stopped. 
Do not mandate this COVID shot for anyone, especially children. I will hold all of you liable under the Nuremberg Codes. Children’s immune systems are superior and kids don’t need the shot. The risks far outweigh the alleged benefit.
I see a grand jury law suit headed your way by The People of The USA if this death jab is mandated.Make a jump toward our kids and you'll find a fight that will not end well for those who push this death jab toward any child.
No. Simply no. My family is very healthy and has always invested in being that way. Informed Consent Only on any medical treatment. 
This is unconstitutional. We do not want this mandated for our children! 
Please make the right decision and do not approve this experimental not proven over time Covid vaccine for children! We understand that money is involved. But please make the right decision and put health and life of our children ahead of financial gains. Thank you!
My kids will not get that crap put in them. I birthed them.... I say what goes in them. And I will not back down for my babies. Take that bs somewhere else. Thaanks
Only a parent should decide what’s being injected into their child!! Children have over, that’s right, OVER a 99% full recovery rate from covid! They have a higher chance of dying from the vaccine than they do from covid! The covid vaccine is not a one size fits all injection and absolutely nothing should remove our constitutional rights and freedoms!! 
Since this age group is the least likely to die from the disease & the risks far outweigh the benefits, there is absolutely no reason for children to get this vaccine. DO NOT experiment on our children!!!!
I do not agree with mandating the Covid vaccine for anyone, especially children. Please vote to NOT MANDATE this vaccine!!
I'm saying NO to a mandated Covid 19 vaccine. This is only being approved for emergency use only. Clinical trials aren't even over. What are all the side effects? Can the federal government 100% promise me my child won't have any issues after receiving this vaccine? Nope. My child my choice. I don't parent with the federal government.
Please do not mandate children to be vaccinated. They have at least a 99.9% chance of complete recovery from the virus. If they get the virus they will have immunity which the shot does not give. There are way to meany reactions a d deaths due to the vaccine. 
LEAVE OUR CHILDREN ALONE!!!! TAKE YOUR VACCINE AND SHOVE IT!!!
Vaccine mandates for Covid are unnecessary for our youth, toddlers and infants. I stand against any law that requires such inas much as our teens, toddlers and infants have an extremely low morbidity rate from the Covid virus. True science supports this fact while political science doesn’t not. Do NOT and I repeat, do NOT mandate vaccines for anyone under the age of @8.
I, as a parent, am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccine foe children ages 5-11. The data shows the vaccine will harm children much more than doing them any good. There are too many proven medical concerns to move forward with this vaccine. Vote NO on the EUA for 5-11 year olds. 
Children have very few symptoms with covid, just common cold symptoms and can recover very well on their own. Vaccination however can have lasting harmful effects on them including permanent disabilities. Why would we do this to our children, it is criminal and evil.
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still developing. We do not have enough data for long term effects. Children are NOT at a high risk of severe cases of Covid-19. Consider looking at the data for other respiratory viruses such as RSV and the flu. 
Please do not allow the covid vaccines for children!! They are not high risk for covid...we do not know the long term results of the vaccines..it is totally unnecessary to vax children...or healthy adults either!! 
Children have a 99.99% chance of surviving covid infection. The vaccines have significant risks, much more than other vaccines, such as myocarditis, blood clots, etc. and are no guarantee that the vaccinated will not contract Covid. These vaccines are not well studied in adults, let alone children. Please do not recommend these vaccines for children.
I do not agree that you should have 5 - 11 year olds get this vaccine. It is rare that they get extremely ill or die from Covid. The risk is too high from the effects of the vaccine to give it to that age bracket. 
Stop counting cases...kids that do catch covid get it mildly ..vaccines are supposed to make you immune.these vaccines prevent nothing. All this will do is cause a bunch of healthy children to become sick from adverse reactions and you will lie and cover it up just as you are doing with adult population
Children as you must know by now have almost no chance of dying of Covid. We the people demand that you leave the poor children out of your nefarious plans. Lord knows you people are pure evil. May God have mercy upon you all.
An EUA for 5-11 year olds is totally unwarranted. There is NO long term data on using this technology on children. Remember how long it took to approve the vaccine for chicken pox. There are virtually no deaths from Covid-19 among this age group. Expanding the EUA to this age group is unacceptable
Please consider what you are about to unleash. I plead with you with my whole heart to stop this madness right now. Each of you know this is so very wrong. Each of you is complicit in this. And all of it is because of money. Each one of you will give an account of your part in the destruction of our God given right to our freedom to choose! May God have mercy on my beloved USA 
A parent is the only one who has the right to decide what’s best for their child not the government. More long term studies are needed to prove safety and efficacy. Protect our kids!!
The risk of Myocarditis far exceeds the risk of adolescents dying from Covid. My son was over Covid and negative in 3 days. Damaging the heart is forever!Please do NOT authorize use of this vaccine for children. 
My 7 year old is very healthy and extremely low risk for COVID. I refuse to have him "vaccinated" with something known to cause blood clots and myocarditis for an illness with a 99% survival rate. 
As you should already know, children have a very high chance of recovering from Covid-19 and there is a chance of them having side effects from the vaccine. Please don't mandate vaccines for them and leave the decision to their parents.
I urge you not to approve this! Parents need to have the right to make this decision for their children. And this "vaccine" is still very much experimental. Please do not use our children as objects of experimental texting!
I wanted to voice my opinion on the FDA meeting on October 26th to discuss vaccinating children as young as 5. Please pay attention to the science that shows that children do not easily spread Covid and the survival rate for children is 99.998%. The risks to children (particularly myocarditis and blood clots) far outweighs any potential benefit.
Our children have good immune systems. Their natural immune system is capable of fighting off covid should they contract it. Please do not allow them to be injected with an experimental drug that could damage their bodies for the rest of their lives. 
There is absolutely zero reason for this experimental treatment to be forced on children. If anything, the decision should be left to the parents and their physician and nobody else. 
I writing to ask that you say no to any federal or state mandated covid vaccines, but especially for our children. We do not know the long term data on these vaccines, we have already seen significant side effects in younger age groups. We are counting on you to do the right thing to truly help protect our children. We have seen they are not at risk of severe illness.
Do not force vaccinations on our children. This is wrong and not constitutional!
Families and individuals should have the right to choose whether the vaccine is right diet them. It should not be mandated, period. My body, my choice!!
I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of the adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies. If the FDA approve this vaccination program, then liability for any adverse events, or fatalities MUST be accepted by the vaccine manufacturers
I absolutely disapprove of this vaccine in children and the FDA emergency use must be denied!
I strongly and strictly oppose the EUA of the covid 19 MANAGER vaccine in children. Children have naturally strong immune system and are not shown to be affected by covid 19. 
I am against the approval of a Covid-19 ‘vaccine’ for children. They are not a population at risk and the vaccine has yet to demonstrate prevention of contraction or transmission. We do not know the risks to their immune systems or fertility!
Please do not let children get this vaccine. Our duty as adults is to protect them. We do not know what the long term effects will be. Even the short term effects can be dangerous. Do not make this mandatory where we may all regret in the future.
No one should be forced to inject their child with an experimental vaccine. Testing was sparse for adults and there are already many reports about injuries to them. 
Please do not consider something like this for our children. This is not needed and such a risk for these young ones who are not at all at risk!
My grandkids had covid so have natural immunity. My daughter had two friends in their late 30s that died from the vaccine. My brother couldn’t walk for a month after the vaccine. I have close friend that got Parkinson’s from the vaccine. The vaccines aren’t needed with early treatment and certainly not with children. 
What are the long term impacts of ALL COVID-19 vaccination on this age group? How long has this been studied?
Please stop rushing this for children. This is not safe to rush this with children given the relation to their risk of COVID harm.
Our kids should not get this clot shot! They are much better off to get the natural immunity that will be long lasting and will not diminish by 6 months as it does with the clot shot!
Approving an unsafe, unproven vaccine for children is unconscionable, and making it mandatory for children is potentially murder. There is no long term studies, available, and children should not be an experiment!
We are against mandates on vaccines as it not only Violates personal convictions for religious reasons or Not. But each individual should have the freedom to make these medical decisions on their own.
Please, please, PLEASE stop the madness of approving these untested EUA only use mRNA vaccines for children age 5-11 who have zero risk of death from COVID, but high risk for myocarditis and other adverse reactions to this experimental jab. I want to stand up for our kids! 
Children should not be recommend a vaccine that has not been thoroughly tested. 
By choosing to mandate vaccines in public schools, are you aware you would be ending the public school system entirely and allowing for school choice?
Please oppose the approval of EUA for covid vaccines for children 5-11 year old. This is an experimental injection that we do not have long term safety data and will not have until late 2022. There are many comments documented here with evidence and data. Please take to heart the voice of these concerned citizens. 
Stop Vaccination for Children who aren’t sick with Covid-19 in America who are already wearing Mask by your Mandate 
Please follow other Western nations recognizing that the risks outweigh the rewards for children with the Covid vaccine. My kids already had Covid, please acknowledge natural immunity. Myocarditis is real. Blood clots are real. Children before propaganda and pharmaceutical profits. 
When there is no risk for the underlying disease, any risk from the vaccine is an unacceptable amount of risk. Please consider recommending against this. Children absolutely do not need this. It will hurt more than it helps. 
My Granddaughter along with many many others will be pulled out of school by their parents guaranteed!! #fdatreadlightly
I think that because we do not know the long-term side effects of the vaccine it should not be mandatory to vaccinate my five year old
A vaccine that is still in the testing phase has not been proven to be safe. This is immoral and wrong to impose on an entire generation. Not only is it immoral, it is unconstitutional. 
Where are the clinical studies (short and long term) for proving safety for kids under 12? The WHO does not recommend the vaccine for anyone under 12 due to the risk/reward comparison. We have many reports of heart inflammation in young boys above 12. What if that was your kid? This is not being shared widely with the public so how can any parent make an informed and safe decision?
 How dare you consider approving experimental Mrna covid-19 "vaccines" to children! There are tens of thousands of documented cases of deaths and serious injuries from these "vaccines." Please do not allow this to be forced on our children and harm them.
I am writing to object to FDA approval of the vaccines for children. It has been statistically proven that children are at extremely low risk and are at higher risk from adverse effects of the vaccines themselves. 
Please do no approve children 5-11 to receive the covid 19 experimental vaccine. They aren't at risk of getting the virus. I have read many comments of the injuries to children from these unnecessary shots. Injuries to their hearts etc. are very serious and effect them life long. Please again, do not approve. 
Vaccinating children is criminal! You are placing their lives at higher risk with forced Covid vaccines than acquired immunity from mild infections. The Nuremberg code should apply! 
Looking forward to when all perps of the pandemic are held accountable in the next Geneva's convention 
It is far to early in the clinical trails to know what what the long term affects will be on anyone yet alone children. In addition, the risks of children dying of this infection are so low as not to be even a consideration. It is more risky to take an mRNA gene therapy drug than it is to let a child’s natural immune system to preform its duty. 
Children should not have a mandatory vaccine on a experimental vaccine, especially one that studies already show the health risks on their heart and other issues. 
Please, do not vaccinate our 5 to 11 age children. They are so young to receive a new vaccine that does not have enough time to prove that it is safe. Please, reconsider approving the Covid-19 vaccination for this young and vulnerable population.
As a concerned parent, and grandparent, I respectfully ask you to vote against this vaccine for younger children.
As a mother of an only child, I am adamantly opposed to masks and vaccines for children. 
It should be rigorously tested - including long term consequences, before being rolled out to children. There is not enough data to make an informed decision 
it is unnecessary to mandate a vaccine for children when the risk of severe covid illness is so low for this age group. most children are in no more danger from covid than they are from the flu and since the covid vaccine does not eradicate the desease then it should be given the same option as the flu vaccine. 
There are plenty of studies all over the world that show the vaccine is more of a risk than the virus is to children. I am strongly against it being distributed to any child let alone mandate them. Listen to the science and not the paycheck. 
Overal rate of myocarditis within 7 days of vaccination is 10 cases per million doses but risk is strongly dependent on Patient age and sex and vaccine dose and type. RATE OF MYOCARDITIS IN AGE GROUP YOUNGER THAN 20 AFTER THE SECOND DOSE OF MRNA RISES THE CASES TO 100 PER MILLION. 
Please DO NOT mandate children to get any of the Covid vaccines!! Both of my children had a minor sniffle and stomachs ache with Covid. I'm afraid if the repercussions of these vaccines on their overall health!! Do not force this on people. We should have a choice what we decide for our child's health and medical journey through life!!!
Children are bad spreaders and also have excellent recovery without serious complications. So the covid risk and the impact is low for them and everyone else. There is no point to force or even suggest covid vaccination of kids under 12.
Too many risks, no benefit. No benefit. No benefit. Kids are not dying from COVID, but they are being harmed by these leaky vaccines that do nothing to prevent transmission.
Stop forcing a vaccine that is causing side effects and is not safe. My father is dying of heart failure after he took the vaccine.https://www.naturalnews.com/2021-10-15-pfizer-evidence-fraud-95percent-covid-vaccine-efficacy.htmlhttps://www.pandemic.news/2021-03-04-who-insider-exposes-gavi-gates-perpetrating-plandemic.html# 
It's urgent & crucial to stop the Covid vaccines for children - it's unsafe& appalling!
I implore you as a mother and grandmother to cease and desist pushing COVID vaccinations on our children who are a little to no risk of dying from the disease.
Do not approve this vaccine for our young children under 12. No long term effects are known, children are not at high risk and you would send a clear message to America by taking more time. Building back the confidence in public oversight of health can begin with you. Full stop!
With no long term studies in place to show the safety of the Covid vaccines..to even consider mandating for children is outrageous. The data shows that there is almost statistically a zero percent chance of hospitalization or death for kids 0-18 from Covid- AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT. The public will be watching what you do.
The Covid vaccine is known to cause serious side affects in any age! It should be stopped as it causes more harm than good. These harms are not an allergic reaction, they ARE Vaccine injuries to include death!! YOU know it and I am letting you know, I KNOW you know it! Stop this vaccine!! It should be discontinued immediately!!!
Why are we endangering children, when their God given metabolism is working just fine against this virus according to the cdc own numbers. 
Children DO NOT need this experimental injection. I am completely against this harmful attack against innocent children. Those harming children will be judged the harshest. DO NOT DO THIS! We need to protect the innocent at all costs!
Mandating to vaccinate our children is extremely concerning and I am completely against this. Experimenting on our children is beyond absurd. Children are not a high risk category for Covid. Forcing this on the public is inhumane. 
Leave our healthy babies alone! They are not at risk, and injecting something into their bodies without truly knowing how their bodies will react is putting them more at risk. 
I would never inject my child with an experimental shot nor would I EVER allow it to happen! 
I strongly oppose the mandated covid 19 vaccines for any child or adult. We the people should be able to use out liberty and freedom to choose what is best for our children and ourselves. There is to much misinformation about the so called effectiveness and safety of the covid 19 shot. Thank you. Brenda Hunter
NO VACCINE MANDATES. MY ENTIRE FAMILY HAS ANTIBODIES AS PROVEN BY BLOOD TEST. THIS IS INSANITY 
Let their bodies fight off infections like they are designed to do.
I oppose children receiving the Covid vaccine. It is NOT necessary. They’re in the lowest risk group of getting the virus! Their immune systems have not fully developed and introducing the virus through the vaccine is irresponsible and negligent!! Lastly, it is not the role of government to take those decisions away from a child’s parents! 
There is no good reason for these healthy children to receive a vaccine that has no studies to show safety and efficacy. This virus does not kill children. The vaccine has. Stop this non sense. Ethics and morality must win!
I will not have my children vaccinated with this poison.
Hi, As a parent who has all of my children's vaccinations up to date, and I am totally not an anti-vaxer, I straobgly disagree with the notion that forcing parents to give their children a vaccine is unfair and unconstitutional. I beileve we need to strongly encourage, but in no way should we be removing rights from a parent to decide what's good for their child. 
It is simply criminal to subject children to the potential harm associated with these vaccines. Especially when the virus itself causes no threat to children who have the most robust immune systems to fight the minimal symptoms they may get. The vaccine was never able to protect anyone from getting Covid so don’t subject children with the narrative this helps protect the elderly. 
I am writing to express extreme opposition to approving a mass covid vaccination roll out for 5-12 year olds. Hundreds of thousands of parents are going to pull their children out of school before letting them be part of a biological experiment!
Please stop the enforcement of the Covid vaccinations upon the citizens of Canada of all ages but especially for those who are under 18. They are not at risk and these vaccines may have more adverse effects than we are already beginning to see. The risk of these bad effects far exceeds the benefits of getting the vaccine. 
I don’t believe this vaccination is necessary for all based upon the mild effects children get from Covid. You have a job to protect the America public and would rather rough unsafe vaccines that uphold your duty 
NO VACCINE MANDATES FOR CHILDREN, AGES 5-12...EXPERIMENTAL 'SHOTS' FOR TEENS DIDN'T TURN OUT TOO WELL.TEENS DYING FROM MYOCARDITIS...BLOOD CLOTS IN THE BRAIN.COVID VACCINES ARE DANGEROUS, DEADLY AND INHUMANE...
I write you to express my support of adopting vaccines for children ages 5-12. 
Please do not allow the American children to be injected with a vaccine that has zero long term inert placebo controlled trial data. The risk is unknown. Informed consent is not possible.
Absolutely NOT!!!! America is about Freedom- !!! We are NOT a communist country to be “ mandated “ on something that hasn’t even been tested for the required time frame - NOR do we really know the cause ! My Child will Not be subjected to this insane cruel administration that only wants to rule big - Prayers to America
The FDA doesn’t not know the long term side effects of these vaccines on anyone, let alone children. This is based on politics, not logic. Do not approve these drugs for use in children. 
I am opposed to mandating vaccines for those under 12 when the risk of death is so minimal, without years of data to support the efficacy and long term effects .
Medical procedures, including vaccinations, should not be done outside of a parents authority and presence. This is outrageous! 
More research is needed for these young children. 
This should not be approved for children, they are at low risk for catching the virus and if caught having any further complications. the vaccine will do more damage than good to their immune system. Stop making them guinea pigs for this experimental jab . It is full scale malpractice on your part if you do. 
There are no long term studies for anyone much less for our children. We have no idea the ramifications of these injections 5, 10, 20 years down the line. Do not force testing on children. 
The government should not mandate any health decision. The government should not mandate any parenting decision. The government doesn’t have a right to mandate anything in those arenas. No vaccine mandates. No vaccine mandates for children. Additionally, children are at so low risk from the virus that it’s statistically 0, and the vaccines have proven risk of permanent heart damage in children.
Please don’t make this mandatory for kids. They are at a very low risk of getting sick and spreading the virus, we have no idea about long term affects from this vaccine and parents should have a right to decide whether or not to vaccinate their children. Please don’t take our freedoms away!
This is so unnecessary. Children are at low risk. The vaccine is too risky for injury.
Children are not at risk of Covid. We have plenty of data to show that. We also have data outlining the inherent risks of this experimental injection on children (I.e. myocarditis and other complications). Mandating this shot for kids would be criminal.
The FDA must NOT approve covid vaccines for children of any age. Children are not at risk and you have the data. Children ARE at RISK for severe adverse reactions from the chemical concoction you call a vaccine. You must do the right thing and put children above pharmaceutical industry profits. God is watching you.
There is not enough data available to determine the risk is greater then the reward. This would be a terrible idea to approve without more data. 
Please do not mandate us to vaccinate our young children. This vaccine is just too new for their young bodies. We need longitudinal studies in order to feel safe. I implore you to not remove my right as a parent to make medical choices for my children.
SARS Covid-19 is not a deadly disease for children. The risks from contracting Covid-19 are not greater than the risks from this new vaccine. The government should not approve a vaccine for children against a virus that is low risk for kids, simply to protect the elderly and immunocompromised. 
This is absolutely unconstitutional for forcing a vaccine on anyone. It’s against the law and breaks all medical oaths that professionals have practiced for years. On a scientific front the Covid 19 is 99% curable. Your vaccine is still in an experimental phases and uses fetal tissue which are against moral and religious beliefs. Everything about this is wrong.
The Covid vaccine is unsafe to force on anyone without further testing. You should take a long look in the mirror to see all the people you are harming for no reason. 
You can get to herd immunity using vaccines that don’t provide lasting immunity. Vaccinating children, who are at an effective risk of zero, is lunacy. Giving boosters using the exact same products that didn’t work the first time around is insane. 
I oppose the covid-19 vaccine mandates. Where there is risk, there must be choice. There are other remedies that are less expensive and more effective than this experimental vaccine. 
No to vaccinated children! They can get Covid and recover just fine and if this wasn’t the case I’d fight the other way but it’s not !! Please no vaccines for the young children 
Dr. Daniel Rauch states COVID 19 is not a problem for children. Football stadiums with 100,000 kids, one will not make it with COVID. Everyone else who walked in will also walk out without CIVID. Let’s stop this madness requiring vaccines for young children!!
I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of the adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies.
Keep your greedy, corrupt hands off our children! You’re killing an entire generation or at the least making them infertile. Keep your gene therapy for yourself! 
Please do not vaccine a mandate for this vaccine for our children. This should be up to the parents. It is too dangerous
Please do not coerce children to take the dangerous Covid vaccine.
The Covid vaccine should NOT be mandated for anyone, especially children!!
Natural immunity must be recognized. It is also against our civil liberties to force a vax or a shot. Too many people are dying after being vaxed. Please stop this! Our children are at the lowest risk to even hv a symptom, there’s no justification for them to receive a vax 
Why are we one of the first country to be pushing mandates towards children?
This is socialist tyranny and you all should be ashamed of yourselves. There should be mandates, especially when the science shows the vaccine does more harm than good, if any, to young healthy people.
Opposing the amendment to the EUA for administration to 5-11 years of age.
There is no need to put this experimental shot into the children. It has and can cause more harm. The children are extremely low risk and there are safe medicines if they did get covid or any variants that they may have an issue with. You have to stop taking risks with people, especially the children, they are not guinea pigs.
The government has no right to force impose threaten whatever I inject myself or my children with. Children have proven to be least affected to a virus That has 99.8% survival rate. 
Do NOT force parents to inject a poisen into childrens bodies. Absolutely stupid to consider something statistically proven NOT to kill kids and worse not even stop the spread! MY kids MY choice!! NO MANDATE!
I am against this FDA Emergency Use Authorization for children ages 5-12. This is not a fully tested with clinical trials vaccine. It would be criminal to subject our children with such a mandate of an unproven vaccine. With a 99.998 survival rate, benefits are far outweighed by the potential risks. Myocarditis is a real threat.
I am opposed to the request to amend Pfizer-BioNTech's Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) for the administration of the COVID-19 mRNA vaccine to children 5 through 11 years of age. There are too many unknowns about the long term side effects of this vaccine and our children should not be the test subjects for it. 
VAERS, peer reviewed scientific publications, world renowned medical professionals, and tens of thousands of victims all corroborate the real dangers of these EUA gene therapies. If you mandate an unapproved shot when efficacious treatments exist you knowingly harm vulnerable children. Don’t.
I strongly believe that medical information is private. It is solely up to the individual to disclose his / her personal information. I am strictly against companies / schools mandating any form of chemicals injected into a persons body. Punishment to not comply with a Covid Vaccine is biased and Un- America. I believe in the American freedom. And honestly this act is removing our Freedom!
Where IS the Science to back up the necessity of "vaccinating" Children with an "EXPERIMENTAL DRUG" against something that, per many experts, young people have 98% and better immunity!?
Children are low risk, and the risks of the vaccine outweigh the benefits. My medical freedom is not up for negotiation. I will decide what is appropriate for my children. Not the government. 
This cannot happen until we actually know the long term effects. Let Americans still have a choice. 
There is no statistical need or proven safety to try to push forced covid shots on kids. Parents must be allowed to choose for their children, and parents must also be properly informed about the lack of need and evidence of safety of these shots.
Children do not need this. In fact, they don't need masks at school, either. Especially when there are 60K people at a sporting event not, apparently, needing to wear masks.
Stop the Mandates, children don’t get flu shot so why would they need this one?
I oppose the vaccine mandate for children 5-11 years old
I oppose the approval of Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine. My kids are not guinea pigs. 
I adamantly do NOT want our children 5-12 to have MANDATORY vaccines. Award winning doctors are showing us the dangerous things in these vaccines and it should not be mandatory. Parents should decide. Look at VAERS for just the tip of the iceberg for devastating‘side affects’!
We shouldn't be forcing anyone to take anything that has not had the proper testing. The are lawsuit for crimes against humanity being filled and we are rushing this on children.
This is still experimental- Children recover quicklyNO NEED!!!!!!!
There is no scientific evidence to support the need for children to be mandated this vaccine. 
Please realize that young children in this age group are not dying from covid and do not need to be injected with this “vaccine”. It has already been proven that these “vaccines” are causing disastrous side effects and even death in some people.
This is a potentially harmful chemical injection into growing children that has no long term supporting data on efficacy or side effects. Parents should have the right to choose and determine what is best for their child. With .01% death rate in children, EUA is absurd. 
I strongly oppose the amendment to the EUA for administration to 5-11 years of age
Please consider opposing the mandatory vaccine for children! This should be a choice not mandating and getting total control of the medical choices we have.
No vaccine mandates for children or anyone else. There is no proof or evidence that children are spreaders of COVID. Children have less risk than older vaccinated adults. The recovery rate of children from COVID is basically a 100%. About 500 children have died from COVID over the last 18 months. There are 74.1M children under 18 in the US so the % of children who have died is .000675%. 
I vehemently oppose COVID vaccination in children when the risk of death from COVID in children ages 5-11 is statistically insignificant. Our children are not at risk of death and therefore a vaccine is absolutely unnecessary. The vaccine does not prevent transmission of virus. There are no long term safety studies. Our children should not be subject to this scientific experiment. 
No vaccine mandates until a thorough investivation has been done to determine whether the official covid response (extensive, unnecessary lockdowns and business closures and restrictions) and overblown fear mongering media narrative was a PSYOP on the American people on behalf of the pharmaceutical industry. 
I oppose mandated vaccines for children. Please allow parents to make the decision for what it best for their child.
Short and sweet...please take into consideration the fact that the numbers do NOT support a vaccine mandate for children. They are not a high risk group. At the very least, please allow parents the freedom to make that choice for their own families. 
You can not guarantee a covid vaccine without any risk to children so do not approve it if it’s not 100% safe for all.
Please immediately stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine.
My children and I deserve medical freedom and the choice of what to put in our bodies. I am completely against vaccinating my children and I will take whatever steps necessary to keep them safe and healthy.
I don’t understand why the rush for this vax for children. There needs to be more research on this. Plus, even with this shot you can still get covid. Why inject our children and rush until we get more data. Also the stats show different. First children weren’t the carriers now they are? This is crazy and def shouldn’t be about money. But of it is. Stop the mandate. 
My children will not be receiving the covid 19 vaccine. There is no way to know the effects the vaccine may have on developing children for years to come. Why don’t we start with promoting health and cutting out harmful ingredients in our food before promoting a vaccine that no one knows the long term effects? Keep politics out of our children's health. 
No mandates for vaccinating kids. Studies show that kids are not affected by covid as much as adults with underlying health issues. There is no point in subjecting our kids to side effects like myocarditis when the virus has a 99.97% survival rate. It is like playing Russian roulette. Please do not pass these mandates for children.
Please do not mandate this vaccine fir kids. Please let parents make their own choice.
Absolutely not. There is zero point to approving this so called vaccine. Natural immunity has been proven far superior 
If the vaccine doesn’t prevent transmission and only helps the person that gets sick there isn’t a need. Must stop forcing medical trials in people and let people make their own health choices 
I'm opposed to covid 19 vaccines for 5-11 year olds. there is no research for this to be safe and effective for these children. dont hurt our children its just not right.
This vaccine has not gone through the proper testing and the adverse affects have not been addressed or researched adequately. To approve this as safe for younger children is negligent and ignoring the safety process that vaccines normallyust go through. 
I do not approve of 5-12 year old children receiving the vaccine. Young children should not be getting this vaccine.
 No way do I agree with a mandatory vaccine for kids. 
I do not agree with requiring anyone to receive mandatory medical procedures including vaccination. I believe in freedom of choice and individual decision making with health care providers. 
please vote no. There are too many side effects especially cardiac for children and not enough long term clinical studies
I oppose Covid-19 vaccination for children under 12. There risk outweighs the potential benefit for children of this age. I also believe individuals and parents, along with their physicians, should be the ones making medical decisions based on what is in each individual’s best and highest good for their health and well-being. 
I honestly don’t think these vaccines have been tested long enough to be given to children. What are the consequences going to be years down the road 
Please do not rush this out!!! We have not had enough studies done to know long term affects! Right now the risk vs reward is greater for the shots than Covid in children!
NO. Children should never be expected to receive an experimental injection for a virus that they are 99.97% able to survive. 
In it is medically unethical to force a vaccine on a population not a risk for the disease and are minimum spreaders. There is no public benefit and definitely no private benefit for a child. I think even children with co-morbidities should be protected instead of being administered something that may overwhelm their system.
Stop the mandates and approval of covid shot for children. These shots will harm our children and we will hold all involved for this massacre responsible. 
No! Our kids do NOT need these experimental shots. There have already been too many injuries and deaths from these shots. I work in a hospital and I see what is happening. Please STOP! Leave the children alone! 
This vaccine is unnecessary and unproven, especially for children. Parents should have the right to decide. When the adult version has not been effective in preventing COVID-19, why continue with this charade. 
Please do not try to require children 5-11 to receive any of the untested, unverified, unapproved COVID vaccines.
Children's immunity is just about perfect. During the entire Covid19 chaos, children did not get Covid nor spread it. Children do not need immunized against a virus that has not been isolated. Children do not need immunized from a virus they DO NOT get sick from. Natural immunity is best.DO NOT VACCINATE THE CHILDREN!!!
Children ages 5-12 do not need a vaccine for the coronavirus. They are least likely to get covid and if they do there is a very high recovery rate, over 99%.
Dear FDA, I encourage you to use caution with your decision regarding the recommendation of Covid Vaccinces for children. Condsider the low risk to kids, consider the low spread, and consider the lack of long term studies. Please do what’s right and safest for the kids!
I am extremely opposed to approval of Covid 19 “vaccines” for children. There are no long term studies and no liability for the manufacturers. There are so many adults and youths being injured and dying from these injections. Do not add the blood of young children to your hands as well!
Stop the mandate! If the long term effects cant be guaranteed it is not worth the risk. This vaccine is unproven and long term effects cannot be known until it has been around for longer than 10 months. 
How do we know the vaccine is safe for children? I thought children did not get as sick as adults do, what benefit is it for them to take the vaccine? I respectfully do not feel kids should have the vaccine 
This will be genocide in mass numbers ..... give your own kids the jab...dont worry about mine! An unapproved jab with NO LONG TERM STUDY EFFECTS.... multiple deathsand adverse events reported on Vaers.... what happened to my body my choice!? Fuck you
This has gone to a point of absurdity. It is inhumane to subject children to a vaccine that is under a year old of testing and ineffective against a constantly mutating coronavirus. This is unjustified at all levels, and should, and must be by free will to get such treatment. This is treasonous against our country and people.
Will not inject my children and expect this to stop ASAP since it’s killing these kids! Do the right thing!!!!!!!
PLEASE DO NOT APPROVE COVID 19 VACCINES FOR CHILDREN 5-11 
I believe the children will be just fine without vaccine. God made our bodies able to fight for itself. why ruin that????
Risks do not outweigh the benefit. Children will die unnecessarily to be protected from a disease that poses no risk to their age group. That's called murder
Please show the truth about vaccine side effects to the public.
Please dont approve the covid eua vaccine for kids. I am sure people are flodding you with the studies and stats that show that kids dont get bad cases of covid, but the shots are harming them. So, i just want you know i too want you to say NO to shots for kids.
Do not inject the children! These shots have been proven to do more harm than good and children are virtually zero risk of dying. The experiment in adults is failing. Do not make the kids suffer for our mistakes. Faith in the government and the FDA is waning at a dramatic rate. Should you choose wrong and inject littles, this problem will only get worse. 
The clot shot is killing people. We will not re-elect. You probably Claremore about the 2nd sentence.
Children don't need vaccinations for this made up virus! They have a 99.99%survival rate. As stated by the review panel, the vaccination kills and hurts much worse that a child getting sick from this. You know it and so do we. You will all be convicted for crimes against humanity! Stop the shot in these innocent children!
 (s)I am against the vaccine for children it is not a vaccine it is a poison
Due to the significantly large (and continually increasing) number of adverse reactions from these vaccines, please DO NOT approve these until YEARS of results and further demonstration have been completed and reviewed by the public. Slow the process down to allow more visibility of the effects to be realized and communicated. Stop the mandate!
No way should you be giving COVID "vaccines" to children, who do not generally contract the virus, nor spread it, nor have trouble recovering from it if they do.That would be a very bad and unethical decision to make.
There is no reason for children 5 thru 11 to receive Covid vaccine!. The risk for them or older children having severe Covid and dying is so very low. The possible side effects from the vaccine can last a lifetime. There is no reason to take that chance.
What you're doing is immoral, illegal and evil. You are sanctioning mass murder of the most vulnerable. Hell is waiting for all of you.
The vaccine should NOT be mandated for children or adults! 
Benefits of a vaccine do not out way the deadly risk. Who’s accountable for injury or death? No one!! That’s just insane to mandate this. Stop the madness.
I do not support mandating vaccines. Based on CDC numbers there is no need for children age 5-12 to be vaccinated.
I do not consent to the vaccination of 5 to 11 year olds with mRNA vaccines 
SAVE THE CHILDREN! No covid vaccine. Save the next generation and freedom of choice. Follow the science the vax is more harmful than the covid which has .0001% survival rate. STOP THIS INSANITY NOW!!!!!
Not one individual should be forced to inject any object, component or chemical into their body. It is rape any way you look at it.
This is an atrocity. These kids aren’t in any danger of dying from covid. Injecting them with an untested shot isn’t going to help anyone and thousands of innocent children may be hurt in the process. Please stop the madness and reject covid shots for these young children.
You cannot hide from GOD. Stop killing and injuring people with your vaccine agenda. Don’t you dare harm the children. Shame on you. 
Please protect our children. Children are not a high risk for severe covid and risk and benefits of this vaccine need to to highly weighed. Concerns for mandates of vaccines when most children will do just fine with covid and have better immunity. There is a risk for vaccination and this should be left in the hands of individuals and parents to decide what is best.
Please do not mandate children getting a vaccine that has not been tested for longer than at least 2 years. 
No covid vaccine mandates for anyone and definitely not for children ages 5-11.
Stop this action to make vaccines for children 5-11 mandatory!! No
Because children are low risk, I think it’s makes most medical sense to wait until longer term clinical trials are completed before approving these vaccines for young children. It would be devastating if we found problems later down the road after mass vaccination
No vaccines for children. It would be crimes against humanity. Children should never be used as a shield to protect adults. Deplorable. 
Please do NOT mandate vaccines! This needs to be the decision of the parents what is best for their children.
 As member in the community and in contact with this age group the Covid vaccine more common than rare so far side effects of myocarditis outweigh the benefits as this age group don’t spread the virus and easily overcome the virus on their own. Please don’t mandate or recommend an experimental drug totally unethical and unnecessary
We know what you all are doing and this is not for the good of these children. Please educate yourself about this and if you already know that this is wrong, shame on you You best start praying for your soul. Please listen to this. https://rumble.com/vo4jyf-suppression-of-early-of-cv19-treatment-calamitous-dr.-pierre-kory.html 
It is unacceptable to put our children in danger of having health issues from these vaccinations! Covid hasn't even been affecting children!? This is EVIL and I will NOT stand for this!!!!!
Alert against the unproven usage of experimental mRNA vaccines in the pediatric patients!
There have already been too many adverse reactions and deaths from these experimental COVID vaccinations (as reported in the VAERS database, and from what I have personally witnessed), to EVER give these vaccines to children! No way!
There is absolutely no justification to give children this vaccine. In the event that children are mandated and vaccinations are given at the school my children will not attend school any longer.
I will not comply to the Covid 19 vaccine for my children. This is unconstitutional!! 
No Covid 19 vaccines for children. Children are not at risk.
Children have a very healthy and strong immune system so, it is ABSOLUTELY UNNECESSARY to subject every child with is jab which to my knowledge is NOT FDA approved.
It is wrong for vaccines that have been proven not to work at stopping COVID-19 infections (especially in Israel and the UK) to be mandated anywhere, as it deprives people (including the youngest among us) of their rights to bodily autonomy.
The released data is very promising and I am looking forward to what I hope will be quick approval and implementation for this pediatric vaccine to help our kids and families get back to normal. 
Do not force this vaccination on children or anyone for that matter. There is no scientific reasoning for children to get this. They are at the lowest risk. This is nonsense and you know it. Allowing thos to go through is an act against humanity and you will be held accountable.
Do not vaccinate our youth! They have no need for this toxic experiment. NO!
Do Not authorize covid vaccine to children of any age in the United States!!! Children are Not at risk (less than 1%) of contracting covid. Anyone authorizing this vaccine to children are evil and knowingly poisoning our population. You are complicit in genocide.
Crimes against humanity is exactly what mandates are. We no longer trust our WHO, CDC, AMA, and even my healthcare team! Stop this madness!!!
As a California parent I strongly oppose mandating this new vaccine for the children to be able to attend school. There is absolutely no reason to require it and it exposes children to unnecessary and dangerous side effects. Long term effect of this vaccine are still unknown. Leave the children alone! 
Absolute not. Children should not get an experimental jab with no long term studies backing it for a virus that poses little to no threat for them. 
These vaccines aren’t safe for anyone, and you all know it. Do the right thing and do not approve them for children. 
I am totally opposed to children being vaccinated. This mandating is unconstitutional. Children don’t get this virus. 99% of anyone who gets it survives! This is madness! Do not use our children as experiments!! 
Such a despotic mandate is unacceptable and unconstitutional for a virus with such a massive survival rate. The federal government has no right to administer foreign chemicals into a child's body, who is incapable of making a choice for himself or herself without the input of authority figures. Such drastic, hysterical overreaches are unacceptable.
You try and touch my kid with that poison, it will be my last stand. Go fuck yourselves. 
Leave the children alone. 99.7% survival rate. Tyranny will get you nowhere. 
Covid jabs are dangerous, killing people, and injuring millions. Injecting children of any age is completely unethical and insane. If you are seriously not opposed to this, you clearly are not paying attention and you obviously don’t care about the future of this country. Save our kids! Say no to covid jabs!
Giving the Covid-19 vaccine to anyone is reprehensible. It’s killing people all over the world. We are not stupid. Giving it to children is not only murder for some but morally and ethnically wrong! Your organization is supposed to protect people and Test Subjects. Do your job! Say NO to further use of this killer experimental drug. 
Since kids are at almost no risk of dying from the Covid19 virus there’s no need to vaccinate them. The risk of heart problems and blood clots from taking an l experimental vaccination when there’s no benefit makes no sense. There have been no long-term studies on this vaccination.
Children under 12 are not at risk. It is an unnecessary expense!
If there are any ethical leaders left in this country, please DO NOT allow these deadly infections to be given to children!
Natural immunity is the greatest defence against Covid. The current under "reported" side effects (myocarditis, pericarditis, infertility, deaths, etc) have proven it is too dangerous for the vaccine to exist. Dangerous enough to NOT mandate Congress to receive it. Stop!!
No way aM I going to allow this poison in me or my kids ! 
The death rate among children who get Covid 19 is almost zero. The vaccine has not been tested, and is more dangerous than getting Covid. Our grandchildren have all had Covid, and they have natural immunity. Children do not need this untested vaccine!
NO vaccines for children of ANY age PERIOD!! It’s already been revealed children have pretty much zero chance of getting COVID and there is absolutely NO NEED for them to be injected. You are a corrupt agency who is trying to incite this. People know this and will remember.
I do not support the vaccination of Children aged 5-11. There is solid no scientific evidence that this is required. There is solid no scientific evidence that even the under 40's who are otherwise healthy require this experimental vaccine. Those in power and the FDA will need a very clear conscience that what they are doing to their own people and that it is a violation of the Nuremberg Code.
Our public schools are not worth a damn and to stick them with that shot is rediculas as covid is less deadly for them than walking to school or riding a school bus. 
Please do not mandate mass vaccinations on children, whom we have seen for the last 19 months are not seriously affected by COVID. They are not in a high risk category, but you are still considering mandating they get a vaccine when nobody knows the long term affects it will have on their growing bodies for years to come.
 data proves children are at the lowest risk from COVID and the highest risk from experimental vaccines. If you approve an emergency use order you are guilty of putting their lives at risk
I am against Covid-19 vaccine for children 5-11 and older children too. Heart problems...
Do not mandate! Stop the insanity! You fraudulent. People will be exposed and TRUE America Citizens are getting fed up ! Let’s Go Brandon!
I do not agree with a Vaccine mandate for my child. Child are exceedingly low risk, less than a 0.01% mortality rate from Covid 19. There is ZERO long term studies , and by long term, I mean more than 6-12 months of data on the Covid 19 vaccine. 
Stop the mandates, people need a choice in the vaccines for themselves AND THEIR CHILDREN
Please do not require COVID Emergency Use Vaccines for kids 5-11. These kids are the future of our country and we have no safety data on their long term health effects.
Due to risk of serious adverse events in healthy children, Covid vaccines should not be given to children. The benefit of the vaccine (low mortality rate from natural covid infection) does not justify the risk. Furthermore, manufacturers have not completed the safety studies.
This is my prayer. Lord Jesus- please open the hearts of these people and show them how many people they are hurting by forcing this vaccination. This should be a choice. Please bear my prayer Lord and give these people sympathy for those of us who do not want to subject our children to this experiment. 
Please do not approve COVID-19 vaccines for children ages 5-11. There are still too many unknowns about whether vaccine risks would outweigh benefits for this age group. Thank you!
Myocarditis, pericarditis and enlarged hearts are real dangers that CHILDREN should NEVER be INTENTIONALLY exposed to. Cardiac issues are very serious, ask a patient who didn't ask for cardiac issues (like a child with congenital heart defects). This vaccine is NOT safe and should NOT be approved. 
Please, please, please let’s wait to see the long term effects of the vaccine before we approve this for our youngest and most vulnerable citizens. I beg you.
Kids should not be mandated to get the covid vaccine!! This shot is not safe to many unknowns and no long term studies. 
I urge you to reconsider the COVID vaccine mandate for children 5-12. My two children have medical exemptions as they’ve had adverse reactions to previous vaccines. Based on the statistics, it would be reasonable to treat this vaccine like the flu vaccine and allow it to be optional. Please, I’m an extremely concerned mother worried about reactions for her children. 
We do not need to mandate this vaccine for children. They are the lowest rate of deaths from Covid-19 and it is not an emergency to help "protect" them. Please do not pass this 
Currently children have a .0007% risk of dying from covid. According to cdc.gov 513 children ages 0-17 have died from covid since the beginning of the pandemic. There is NO reason for children to be vaccinated for covid-19. Surely injury and death will far outweigh benefit. Protect our children - no vaccination!
Do not mandate COVID jabs for our kids. My 9 yr old Grandson is not a guinea pig. He is strong and will easily defeat this virus and create a much better natural immunity. Mandates for a free American's health is un-American. 
Foremost it is the right and responsibility of parents to make health decisions for their own children. Children at very low risk to c-19 for illness severity and even less risk of death nor are they vectors for spread thus no benefit from vaxx and some concerning risks particularly, myocarditis, blood clots and neurological damage with and yet unknown future damage.
To whom this concerns, it is against the United States constitution to force or mandate any drug/vaccines . Especially untested unsafe products that are causing injury and harm. Please refrain from trying to mandate such a dangerous product onto innocent adults and young children . We do not want or choose this product . Thank you.
This is absolutely unnecessary for our children. Data, statistics, and science have already proven this. 
What universe are people from to risk the health of a generation with a formula that shows no promise of health and proven to do more harm than good. Our children are precious and deserve so much more than this. If this passes there is no hope for any decency in our society and we will all deserve the justice that will befall us each one.
Is this China or America we are living in? Its "my body, my choice" unless it doesn't fit the agenda. The land of the free does NOT parent with the Government! OUR LIVES, OUR CHILDREN, OUR SAFETY, OUR CHOICE!
This is completely ridiculous to approve this shot for any child. It is unproven, still in clinical trials and targeted age group has almost no symptoms. Leave our kids alone!!! They do not need to be guinea pigs for Pfizer 
the length of safety trial is inadequate, even more for a new technology used on children.
Absolutely NO government mandates for childrens' Covid vaccine. This decision should be up to the parent. End of story.
I am firmly 100% AGAINST the Covid shot for our kids (of all ages)! This needs to stop!!!!! 
I firmly believe that children that receive the vaccine will have far more adverse reactions/future health problems than the symptoms of COVID itself. There are so many risks of the vaccine and it should be the parents choice and not the FDA making health decisions for the citizens. 
Children should not be experimented on EVER. These "vaccines" are not safe for children. This is CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY and those who are complicit with this, will see how justice works in the United States of America.
Approving experimental vaccines for children 5-12 is a fools errand. They have a 1/100,000 chance of serious illness. Stop the madness once and for all. 
Based on current information I do not believe the COVID vaccine is appropriate for children under 12, or even children under 18. 
Stop this insanity! No vaccine mandates period. Protect the kids. No vaccine for kids.
The risks greatly outweigh any benefit. The vaccine also gives a false sense of safety. Myocarditis is real. It is not worth the risk. Pfizer and other drug manufacturers should not be given a monopoly on our healthcare choices or our freedom to choose without "mandates". Should not the FDA have a role in promoting foods that support our immune systems?
NO WAY! I will not give this shot to my children. It can kill or give serious health conditions. 
Covid is not a health risk for children. And the vaccine is not a vaccine. It is a bio experiment. Do not make our children a part of this experiment. If you have a conscience do not approve the vaccination for 5-11 year old.
The vaccine does not prevent spread or infection, why are children needing it when COVID is not a risk to them. There needs to be more studies done and there needs to be liability. 
I 100% oppose covid 19 vaccination for any children. This is an outrageous thought.
I wish to express my desire to protect our youth from vaccines that have not been fully and adequately tested compared with previous vaccines, which took years to develop and to thoroughly test. I do not wish to subject my children - or any children - to a cmvaccine that has not been shown to be safe from side effects. Thank you.
There is NO data to support masking kids and lots of data that indicates that masking harms kids. It is child abuse, plain and simple, for adults to mask children simply because they are afraid and feel they must do SOMETHING. Literally the best thing to do in this case is NOTHING.
The risk is incredible for children to suffer severe reactions fromCovid! The covid shot will do more damage than a naturally acquired exposure! Please don’t use children as test subjects. We don’t know long term effects and children are not lab rats. 
I am writing concerning vaccinating children. There is no need for this whatsoever. Kids have a high immunity to covid, and I certainly do not want the government to tell me what is best for my child. DO NOT PASS THIS BILL!
I am against the mandatory Covid vaccine for my child because there is no way to know about long term affects. It should be a parent’s choice. 
As a Regulatory Affairs leader with twenty years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, I am very concerned that the Agency is considering amending the emergency use authorization for children ages 5-11. I strongly urge FDA not move forward with this high risk and low benefit authorization. 
There should be no coming vaccine mandate for these school children!
It isn’t the government’s place to dictate what goes into a child’s or any American’s body. There is not enough data on long term side affects of the vaccine. 
I do not support vaccines being mandatory for children
No mandatory vaccines period! We live in America land of the free home of the brave. No one has the right especially government to demand a vaccine or else! No one!
I am writing to express my deep opposition to the vaccination of 5- to 11-year-old children that is being proposed.Their risk of death is statistically zero at this point and the risks associated to this vaccine are many. I still have yet to see a risk-to-benefit ratio study as is required. It is fundamentally wrong to risk the health of the children to justify protecting the very old.
There is absolutely no need for children to be vaccinated against Covid given their low risk factor. Mandating it for children to attend school is absolutely absurd and wrong. 
Please DO NOT approve covid vaccines for children! So many children have already had covid and recovered! This is unnecessary and reckless! 
My child will never receive this vaccine. I have seen more damage to friends and family are from this vaccine in the last eight months than I have in the last two years of this cold virus. you have no long-term studies on what this will do to developing children. Your propaganda push has reached it’s limit. Us As parents will not go silently. 
I am fundamentally opposed to this vaccine for children. The mortality rate for this age group is virtually zero. We do not know the long term effects of this vaccine at this point. It is absolutely NOT worth the risk to our children. Regardless, it should be a parent's decision whether to give it to their children and NOT a mandate.
No. Do not mandate Covid vaccines for any one, especially children.
The risk outweighs the benefit of this and you know it! Stop this lunacy!
I am overwhelmingly concerned about injecting my small children with a new vaccine we know nothing about nor the efficacy. 2600 children is not merely enough data. STOP this NOW!!
Please please please do not inject our nation's 5-11 year olds with the vaccination. There is little known risk for young children to get Covid or die from Covid with some statistics as low as .03 percent. For any young child who dies because of any decision to vaccinate should rest heavy of all your souls!
We strongly oppose experiencing on children by giving them the covid vaccine. There are countless vaccine injuries for adults and kids should not be subjected to this when they are the least likely to have complications from covid.
Mandating children to take experimental injections with known health risks and even death is a crime against humanity and under no circumstances should a country as great as the United States of America engage in such fascist, death cult endeavors. If your organization is not part of the solution you are part of the problem.
Please ensure that parental consent is required for ANY vaccination for children 5 - 12. No one else knows the complete medical record or medical condition of their children more than parents. The schools or other institutions should be barred from giving any vaccinations. Only a medical professional with the consent of the parent should be able to give any child 5 - 12 any vaccination.
I do not want this particular vaccine mandated for children! Please stop giving children this experimental vaccine that is causing major injuries , this is pure madness! They are not vectors for this & 1 in 5,000 teens are experiencing myocarditis from the shots right now. The vaers Data speaks for itself! This is unacceptable https://openvaers.com/covid-data 
I think it is both wrong and illegal to mandate a vaccine for children. It is not wise or healthy and I strongly disagree. 
It is insane to consider vaccinating children when they are less at risk from Covid than any group. Vaccines carry unknown long term side effects. They don't prevent infection or spread. I will never vaccinate my child for Covid. If you follow the science you will know that Covid vaccines for children is a bad idea.
Please stand for the freedom, medical autonomy and dignity of humanity, especially for the parent’s right to discern and choose what health direction they take for their family.
Science by data, not press release. The data does not support benefits outweigh the risks for children to be given the currently available injections marketed as Covid-19 vaccines. There is no long term data. I am opposed to injecting children with these substances.
Kids have an extremely small chance of any serious illness and death from covid. We do NOT need a vaccine for them. This is wrong, there is a greater risk of the kids having heart inflammation from the vaccines! Completely unnecessary to do any of this concerning kids. 
Covid Vaccines should not be approved for use on children of any age. The current vaccines are still in trials on adults and so far the adverse effects are being downplayed and hidden from the general public. In no way should children be experimented on. Not to mention their age group is the least at risk for Covid-19. To allow this would cause great harm to children.
The Covid vaccines are unsafe. 16k deaths on VAERS database and they want to jab the kids? NO!The people are fed up with this nonsense. Enough is enough!
Do not go forward with C19 vaccination for children. They are demonstrably unnecessary for kids who are at virtually no risk from the virus. They are, in fact, at greater risk of harm from the vaccines. Ethically, therefore, children should not be vaccinated.
A child’s health should be 100% up to the parent to decide and it is unethical to mandate it via the government! Stop the madness. We will fight back. 
Please do not approve the 'vaccination' for Covid 19 for children. Children, unless they have severe underlying medical conditions, do not even need any treatment or hospitalization when they get Covid. Their symptoms are no more severe than the flu. They are not contagious unless symptomatic.
The covid vaccine does not need to made made mandatory until we have had years of long term effects study. We do not know how it will effect fertility or any other long lasting problems. The risk of serious covid infection from this age group is minimal. 
The COVID19 Vaccine should not be mandated, there has not been enough research to proof this vaccine is safe and that it even works. Our children should not be the test for this vaccine. Please let the parents choose what is right for our children medically and do not approve this vaccine for children! 
You are evil, sick, satanic monsters. I oppose this and all mandates 100%.Rot in hell.
Please do not mandate our children under 12 to receive the Covid vaccine against the parent the wishes. Also please do not mandate vaccines for children under 12 at all... There are too many risks and unknowns at this time.
Please do not approve the Covid vaccine for children.I know of 5 people that died after taking the Covid shot and several with heart problems. 
I am a Grandmother. The evidence of testing vaccines on children 5 years old to 18 is human experimentation that is highly unethical and violates all principles of scientific testing in the USA.
Kids don’t need a vaccine and you guys know it. Teenagers have died from the vaccine and many are ill from it. Don’t do this to kids Please stop this madness don’t approve this genocide.
We do not agree with or sign off on the vaccination of our children. 
Please don't require this shot for young children. It's not an actual vaccine, nor is it needed for this age group. It hasn't been tested enough to give to anyone, much less children. I'm vaccinated, my children are vaccinated, but this shot needs much more testing for our precious children. There are way too many adverse reactions and "vaccine " accidents . 
If you are parent could you ask yourself does your kid really need covid19 vaccine?
There should NOT be a mandatory vaccine for children.
Mandating an experimental vaccine for children who have virtually no risk? Have you completely lost your minds? 
Pleas do not continue with this nonsense. You are harming our children. There is literally no medical benefit to injecting children who aren’t even getting critically ill, with a shot that doesn’t event prevent spread of infection. This is medical abuse and should not be tolerated. This country has hit a new low.
Let parents have the freedom to make choices for THEIR children. Everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and opinions. By mandating a vaccine takes away from our voice. Children or anyone for this matter is not a test run for this vaccine. 
Please do not approve the Pfizer kids shot.too mamy adverse reactions, and long term unknown side effects 
please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. It is too early to be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Thank you!”
We are not comfortable with vaccinating our 5 and 7 years old. Our kids, our choice! 
Pfizer “vaccine” has zero long term safety record. Definition of vaccine was changed in order to push for EUA. Children are statistically at zero risk for Covid. It is unethical & immoral to vaccinate them! There is NO EMERGENCY! Approval for Covid Pfizer Biontech vaccine should NOT be granted for children 5-11! 
As a parent, I want the option to choose on whether my children will receive the new covid vaccine. Most is us parents just want the freedom to do what we believe is best for our children. Please please please keep the covid vaccine optional, and do not mandate this. So many of us are thankful the vaccine is available, but want the right to choose.
I will not have my kids take this vaccine. Until there are long term studies. As of now kids have a lower risk than a vaccinated adult in their 50s so there is no reason for them to have it. The risk of heart issues that are being brought out are not worth it.
Keep our children safe! Please stop this madness!
Absolutely NOT! Will you have your children and grandchildren be a part of this? Nope. That’s why you exempt yourselves and your families. If you won’t do it yourself, then don’t endorse or mandate it. PERIOD!
Please explain why the need to mandate this vaccine on children. The numbers don’t lie they’re survival rate from covid is 99.99%. so the government abusing our children. Leave the children alone. Shame on those who agree to this abuse on children and power ., no vaccine mandates for our children!
I am absolutely not OK with a nationwide mandate for our 5 to 11 year old children with a vaccine, or shot, that we do not know the long-term side effects on. I will not allow anyone to put a shot into my child that I do not approve of.
DO NOT APPROVE THIS “VACCINE”- children do not need a vaccination for an illness that has a 99.9% recovery rate and the potential for the vaccine to KILL MORE CHILDREN THAN THE ILLNESS! 
Stop this immediately! These vaccines are not FDA approved and should not be given to the kids for experimental purposes! Too many people have died and been injured from these vaccines!
Children should not receive the Covid-19 vaccine, nor should it be mandatory for this age group. Children are not super spreaders and very few suffer serious effects from this illness. 
There is NO REASON that this vaccine should be approved in children!!! With all of the side effects noted in the VAERS report, I will never allow my children to take a Covid vaccine. 
Seriously! Are you guys insane? Children do not NEED Covid vaccines! They need healthy food, vitamin D, happy families, and a quality education. Explain to the public why autoimmune disease, diabetes and other health issues are exploding in our children!! No more vaccines for children. You are killing them slowly!
Please don’t mandate the Covid vaccine. Allow parents to make informed decisions about the health of their children. Nobody should be forced into something like this without honesty hearing the real effects, which we don’t even know yet. 
Please vote no to mandatory vaccines for 5 - 11 kids. Please repeal all support for boosters and forced vaccination. Not enough data to support these vaccines. 
The covid vaccine should NOT be given to children. This should NOT be approved. Children are RARELY dying from Covid, there is no reason to give them a vaccine that has not been in use for even a year. 
Please do not allow or force the vaccine on to children. This is a brand new pharmaceutical that has not been properly tested. With the risk from Covid being so low for children, and the side effect of Myocarditis already having been observed, it does not make sense for children.
I am a parent in Dutchess Couny, NYI do not approve of the Government mandating Covid vaccines for children ages 5 - 12 years. This is a decision a parental decision. Thank you for the opportunity to comment.
Do not force my children to do anything without my consent. Mandating this vaccine infringes on civil liberties that we are so fortunate to have. I do not support mandatory vaccinations for children.
My children under no means will receive this vaccination any time in the near future! You are despicable for pushing a vaccine on healthy children, and a vaccine that has yet to be tested long enough. SHAME ON YOU!
Regarding mandating vaccines for kids ages 5-12 - DO NOT MANDATE. There should be a study into the "post-pandemic" state of affairs in terms of how much the virus transmits and what kind of risk it poses to young children. 
We as parents have concerns about mandating vaccines on our children. The drug used has many side effects. Why should people who are healthy be forced to take a drug that can have serious side effects? Why haven't you been checking for antibodies? When did our immune systems stop working? This is ridiculous that it is even being considered. 
This vaccine has too many side effects and had been rushed. More studies on long term side effects should be done before offering this to children. These children are still growing and developing. The side effects of this drug on children out way the risk of getting COVID for children. 
My son has already contracted and recovered fully from Covid 19 and he has had worse colds that lasted and affected him longer than Covid did. Please do not mandate this vaccine that I feel will do more harm than good. They have suffered enough.
Follow what the science tells us! Too much risk of heart issues for a 99.97% unaffected population. Unnecessary and overreaching.
Please please please in the name of humanity stop killing our kids. God did not intend for young kids to suffer this way. 
Please do not experiment on our children. The risks of heart, pulmonary and vessel problems is too great! Children only have a .0007% chance of dying from covid. This therapy should only be used for the elderly/vulnerable. Please do the right thing. Stop these mandates for children.
This is not a vaccine. It is a gene therapy. The mRNA is a spike protein that knowingly causes all types of issues in the body. Mainly inflammation of the organs. You need more years of data on this. Please do not approve so quickly.
Please do the right thing and do not allow experimental vaccines to be administered for young kids. The is no settled science about the safety of this vaccine. Do not allow this.
This is simply crazy to force this on our children, who have such low numbers of death from Covid
I believe the FDA should NOT approve this vaccine for 5 to 11 year children. More time is needed for further study on this vaccine.
No mandatory vaccines for anyone and definitely not for children. It is not necessary to get COVID 19 vaccines into the arms of children who are at a very low risk from serious complications or death from COVID. It is immoral to mandate vaccines and I am horrified that we would want to subject our children to these ones given that they have not been through all the trials.
1000% will not be giving anyone in my family this “vaccine” y’all better wake up before you make the wrong people mad! Not anti vax, anti mandate!!!!!
My kids will not comply! Kids do not need the vaccine when they are the lowest risk.
"VOTE NO", to mandatory vaccines 5 to 12 years old.
I deeply disagree with children being injected with an experimental vaccine.
Please vote NO on Pfizer’s EUA application for children ages 5-11. There is no reason to subject children to an emergency order vaccine that’s not proven to stop COVID or the transmission of COVID. Pfizer has not demonstrated any health benefits for children. Please vote NO and honor your Hipocratic Oath and Nuremberg Code.
Do not approve this for children. We still have no idea what the long term effects will be on anyone’s health. Children are the least likely to be affected by COVID-19.We have already seen many adverse effects on adults and teens (blood clots, myocarditis, etc).Just say no.
I will not be getting this for my children. I will pull them out of public school before anything and I know lots of others who are planning on doing the same. Children aren’t affected as badly and their recovery rate is so high. Please don’t approve this. These are children with no long term affects yet studied.
This makes no sense. Why subject ages 5-12 to a medical analgesic with possible adverse reactions including death?This age group is amongst the least at risk.
I am absolutely against mandatory vaccination for COVID 19 including adults and children. There are too many risks and side effects including death. We the people should be given factual information and allowed to choose for ourselves and our children.
I am firmly against the vaccines for children. Children are not at risk of getting and spreading Covid. Most are naturally immune after being exposed or having had the virus at this point. There is almost no benefit and all risk in giving this to children!! 
Study protocols long relied upon to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a drug should be maintained in considering use of the vaccine in this age group. No shortcuts should be taken or considered. If it would not withstand scrutiny in 2019, it shouldn't do so in 2021
Stop the vaccine mandates. Informed consent is a must. Parental choice is a must. It is our constitutional right. 
Healthy children are at low risk. Mandates for kids this young is a no. Focus on early treatment of the disease instead. 
Benefits for children do not outweigh the risks of adverse reaction. Where is the data showing it is safe and effective? Please have a real conversation about this. Do not just push this vaccine for political and financial gain.
The Covid survival rate for children is 99.9973%. Vaccines are not only unnecessary, but not proven safe. 
re: FDA-2021-N-1088: Please do not mandate the COVID-19 vaccines to children of any age. The studies have been significantly underpowered and thus the vaccines continue to be experimental at best. Knowing this it would be extremely devastating and damaging to intentionally place our children in harms way.
This is not based on science. This is considered an act of crimes against Humanity and all the perpetrators will be ……… !!!!!!!!!
This is tyranny. There should never be a mandate for anyone to take a drug. Without medical freedom, we are slaves. We do not comply to this madness. It is unconstitutional and violates Nuremberg laws. 
No vaccine mandates for children! Parents must be able to evaluate risks/benefits of all medical decisions for their children. 
Children in the above age range should not receive the Covid vaccine. They are not as likely to get the virus. They are more likely to get the flu. Many more adults have gotten sick than children with Covid.
Are you fricking kidding me????Jabs for HEALTHY children????? NOOOOOOO WAYYYYY CMON you guys NEED to do the research like the rest of us have......NO JABS FOR HEALTHY KIDS/PEOPLE!!!!!!!!
Stop mandating this poison, our children do not need your evil potions.
The health risks far out weigh any benifit to the COVID vaccine. Children are at an extremely low risk for complications due to COVID19. Sfter adults get the vaccine they can still get COVID19 and spread COVID19. Please do not pass approval for children. 
Please do not approve a vaccine that we have no long term studies on for children who are not at risk of this virus. The vaccine could harm them more than the virus. We do not need to vaccinate children who have a 99.96% survival rate. Please do what is right.
Please do not approve the vaccine for 5 year olds. This is so wrong and should not be allowed
Please allow for natural immunity exemptions, and religious and philosophical exemptions. Studies validating natural immunity and philosophical exemptions:https://www.evernote.com/shard/s123/sh/869a1eba-cdba-1683-9ed7-41110e20a487/c34146e048487d281c25535142667192 
This is TYRANNY, AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND HIGHLY ILLEGAL. 
Nothing about any of this is ok, please please don’t force this on children!
Please do not mandate the Covid-19 vaccine on us any further. Our kids immune systems have been healthy enough to recover at Amazing rates just like they do the common cold.
I am against covid vaccines for children as they are able to recover 100% on their own with no problems and no severe symptoms. The covid vaccine on the other hand has many bad effects including death.
Please do not ok this vaccine. Kids are not at risk and pose no risk. Please do not ok this. There are no long term studies.
The health risks to children from covid are too low to justify injecting an experimental drug which is known to have harmful adverse reactions and possible death. Deny the approval for children!
Leave our kids alone, parents will choose what's best for our kids
Children are the safest against covid. They have a 99.9 % survival rate. These so called Vax are are dangerous and causing harm or worse. No more of this! Stop these mandates they are illegal! You are doing harm not helping! We are not your experiments! 
Government including any school system has no business making health decisions for children. Not for Covid, also not for any other health issues. This is the job of parents. Government needs to stick to the job it was elected for. And to remember it is here to serve not to try patronize the American people.
Please look at the data from kids who suffered from myocarditis and other medical problems. You know you are harming our babies and you must stop this madness. Please come to your senses!
I am writing to share my strong opposition to requiring COVID vaccination for children ages 5-11. This vaccination has not been adequately vetted for children in this age group. Please do not require us to put our kids in grave danger.
I am adamantly against the vaccines for children and any vaccine mandates. There is no proof that children are benefitted from this shot! We are hearing more and more about strokes and myocarditis among the young men. 
Please oppose COVID vaccines for anyone 18 and under. They have the lowest risk of severe COVID and the highest risk of side effects from the vaccine. We should not be burdening our youth with what could be a lifetime of vaccine related issues.
NO MANDATED COVID-19 VACCINES FOR CHILDREN! These vaccines are experimental, they do not protect against covid and may cause very severe side effects including death in children. Our children are not your lab rats! 
Two of my four children have an auto inflammatory disease that is in remission. Giving them the vaccine will very likely trigger an immune response that could trigger their PFAPA. Parents and individuals need to have the right to weigh the potential benefits vs the potential risks because every case is different! Do not mandate this vaccine for children. 
Please do not authorize this vaccine for children. There is not enough data that it is safe. The increase in positive tests, especially in vaccinated people is a warning that the vaccine is not working. This vaccine is going to ruin the immune systems of all children who take it. 
Mandating vaccines in children is extremely unethical. For a virus that will likely cause them no harm, the vaccine will undoubtedly create massive side effects when administered that young, To that many. If you take away a parents choice, The FDA will have the blood of those children on its hands. 
I think vaccinating children with an experimental vaccine is complete violation of human rights. The lack of "trust" in the FDA will be irreversible.
Science knows that children do not need this inoculation. Why don't you?
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risk the health of children.
I urge you to protect our children from experimental treatments for Covid since healthy children are not at risk from this disease, while these injections can cause severe adverse reactions. If we must vaccinate kids, we should use more traditional vaccines that use whole inactivated virus. These vaccines (e.g. Valneva) are being tested now and can become available within months..
 — We call upon our government to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. There is not enough research and testing to determine the safety of this
I Do NOT want mandates for vaccine for kids 5 - 12 years olds. There is no need to vaccinate child.
If the covid-19 vaccine doesn’t stop the infection or spread of covid 19, then it is not a vaccine but a personal medical treatment option and therefore cannot be mandatory 
Please do not harm children with this particular new vaccine. Let the studies be completed first. 99.999% of children are not in real danger of Covid. Please, let the studies be finished before subjecting our most vulnerable population to the MRNA vaccines.
Look at the real science and common sense! Benefit vs risk is a no-brained. The shot is an EXTREME RISK to our innocent children and if allowed to go forward will no doubt go down in History as a horrific Crime against Humanity!
I am strongly opposed to mandatory vaccination of young children... considering that they already carry a toxic load from many more vaccines being administered than in years ago. Please do not implement any mandatory requirement, but allow medical professionals and parents to assess each child's need.
My body my rights. My son my choice. We are in America. Please protect our rights. 
We do not know the long term affects of this vaccine. Please do more research before mandating something harmful to children!!
A vaccine does not need to be mandated for a virus that can’t be eradicated. There will always be variants. Parents will fight this. Government doesn’t need to be controlling parents and children health. It is over stepping boundaries. 
My grandkids will not receive this vaccine. There is not enough evidence on the safety of the vaccine. You don’t publicly say the health issues regarding these vaccines and there are so many risks. This is a parental choice not yours. Close the boarder and keep the COVID infected out of our country and leave your hands of our children!
Please leave this to parents to decide if their children should get this COVID shot. You don’t know what long term effects this could have on our young children. Our government should not be making these kind of decisions for our children. The vaccine injury is a real thing and we should be able to look at risk vs benefit for our bodies and for our children 
I believe the health and welfare of a minor should be left up to the parents as for anything foreign or natural being injected or ingested into their bodies. I don’t consent to override their nature immunity. 
I oppose the illegal measure of requiring children be vaccinated. It's inhumane. 
Please do not agree to vaccination children against Covid 19. You do not know the long term effects these shots will have, plus you are purposely not revealing the negative effects of these shots. 
I do not support sacrificing children via experimental jabs for big pharma profits.
Absolutely not! This is entirely unnecessary to have something mandated for children when they do not pose a risk. This is beyond ridiculous! Do not mandate this - my household will not comply. 
Do not allow children to get this shot. I have witnessed adults have very bad reactions to it! It is NOT safe.
Do Not !! Approve it for kids; the virus is safe & effective (natural immunity) for kids.
STOP this insanity !!! You will be help responsible for every person harmed by these so called vaccines 
Please stop this madness. This virus has a 99% survival rate. Feels like I'm living Nazi Germany. Please do not require or suggest that kids to get covid vaccine.
Please do do not use these experimental drugs on our children. They are too precious to be experimenting on!!!
I strongly oppose the approval of vaccinations for 5-12 year olds. This vaccine is still in the experimental stage and we should not be experimenting on children!
Vaccine choice for Covid 19 should be a parental choice just as it is for flu. Once upon a time, flu was a pandemic. The flu vaccine is made available but not mandated. Why mandate for this age group and not others? 
I say No! Please listen to the people's opinions. 
This is an unstudied vaccine, it should not be used in children, period. Unless you want to kill them or stop reproduction. I have zero respect for all of you
All constitutional rights must be considered first and foremost regarding any forced vaccine or drug. Parents rights to informed consent and personal choice is paramount. Personal autonomy towards ones own body must be upheld. Forced medical treatment is a violation of human rights. 
Children should not be subject to an experimental vaccine. . We still don’t know the final repercussions of mRNA vaccines. Children should not be Denied bodily autonomy.
I am concerned about the long term effects these shots will have on all of us, but especially our children. There have not even been any clinical trials done on this age group and they have almost a zero risk of dying from the disease. It makes no sense to me to want to give a one size fits all vaccine for something that is not the most deadly disease know to mankind.
I refuse to call these injections vaccines! The VAERS site shows well over 14000 deaths and hundreds of thousands of adverse reactions and who knows the long term effects of these injections... These must not be approved for children and forced on them.! Medical Tyranny is Tyranny! It must stop now! 
Hello, I am writing to urge you to drop mandated covid vaccination for children to attend schools. The fatality rate is .0007%, and we just don’t know enough about this vaccine and it’s long-term effects on the future of our citizens. 
By mandating the shot for our children, the government is making decisions for our children that are the responsibility of the parents. Plus, children are not at risk of a bad response to the virus. This is still an experimental drug with no long term studies. We don’t want our children to be government Guinea pigs.
This is completely ridiculous. Children have no risk of this disease. There is absolutely no reason to mandate this. Please start thinking of our children instead of lining the pockets of these pharmaceutical companies. WE DO NOT COMPLY.
I am 100% against using experimental "vaccine" on children. Please stop this from happening. Our kids deserve better. Shannon ItesQuincy, WA
I am against the covid 19 vaccine mandate for anyone but espcially children. It is not the government's right to tell us what we can and cannot give our children. They (president, vice president, governors, etc) do not know what is right for our children or our family.
There is no need for these mandates. Stop experimenting on Americans and their children!!!!
Please do not approve the vaccination for children under 11. From the research I have done, the risk is of the vaccination exceeds that of COVID 19 itself. I think we should wait until more is known about the side effects before subjecting children to this medication. Additionally, unvaccinated children are not a risk to others.
There is a much higher risk to young children from getting the vaccine than getting COVID. What possible logic is being used to propose this (other than more financial gain to the pharmaceutical industry…)
I do not consent to any injection in the experimental trials. I do not consent sent to my daughters having any covid 19 injection. This must stop now! Children are dying & being permanent injured. Our sons & daughters are not your guinea pigs!
It is morally wrong to mandate a vaccine that is not yet out of trials for children 5-12. There are no long term studies on how this will effect children in the long run. Children are NOT at risk of dying from covid. I STRONGLY OPPOSE. 
Covid Vaccine should not be mandated for anyone. It should be a personal choice. My body, my choice.
We should NOT push this forward to force vaccinate children under the age of 12. This age group is a very low percentage at risk group. Less than .001% are at risk of dying from the virus. The adverse reactions and possible death is a FAR higher risk. My children, My choice.This should be voted against and not approved.
CHILDREN SHOULD NOT BE GIVEN THE COVID VACCINE. NO ONE SHOULD BE.
Young children are not at risk to Covid. Do not pass this.
The risk of covid for children is extremely low. There is no justification for approving this EUA because the risk of these vaccines are as yet not fully known, especially in the long term.
you are in violation of the nuremberg code. and will be held accountable!
No mandates for the children! This is mass medical experimentation and can not be forced on the unwilling! Please stop this madness.
Please don’t allow this harmful vaccine to be administered to children. They have the best immune systems already and have proven to not be spreaders. This will harm more people than it will help. Please do not allow this. 
It is inappropriate for the government to mandate a vaccine to an adult a little less a child. Furthermore these vaccines are not FDA approved which makes it illegal to mandate them. Furthermore the vaccine does not stop the spread of COVID-19. I am completely disgusted by the current state of this government they’re communist views.
The infection rate, let alone the death rate, of children due to Covid is extremely low. It is ludicrous to mandate that they have to get vaccinated!
I firmly oppose mass vaccinations for anyone, especially children. No Covid Vaccine for Kids 5-11 years of age.
My family and I are against vaccine mandates for anyone and definitely not for children. 
I say no to Covid vaccines for the children of 5-12
Please do not proceed with the approval of this vaccine for children under 12. All scientific evidence available indicates that this vaccine would cause more harm than good.
I am a grandmother of 7 grandchildren whom I love very much I am totally against vacationing any children. We were told the children were not contracting this virus nor do they spread this virus. Now as always the narrative has changed, why? Please don’t do this to our children ,you will be held ultimately to account to an Almighty God. Thank you please do what is right. Helen Clark
I am absolutely against approving the COVID-19 vaccine for 5-11 years old. 
This isn't a true vaccine. This is a flu shot. It has some serious side-effects. Mandating this, still experimental drug, to our children is completely unnecessary. This virus doesn't kill 99.9% of the children but, the side-effects may and they may last their entire life. Please don't do this to our next generation.
I do not support this mandate! Children 5-11 do not need this vaccine and there is still NOT enough research in the world to make me give this to my child. I vote NO MANDATE
This is a parent decision and only a parental decision 
No student in school or participating in a sporting event should be required/mandated to wear a face covering mask. The research data concerning this topic does not support this practice. Follow and adhere to the data. 
Mandating a rushed vaccine that has not been tested for even 2 whole years to children is morally bankrupt. We have no information on the 5 year, 10 year or 20 year repercussions of this vaccine. Do not allow this mandate pass. 
Do not authorize this injection. The Covid fatality rate in children under 18 in the US is 0.0007%. There is no basis under which this should be authorized given that data.
I am a grandmother of 11 and a practicing RN of 32 years. I see daily the carnage left from these poison death shots and anyone who comes near my grands will wish they had not. We do NOT comply. We have done our research- you know the side effects and will face Nuremberg trial. Stop pretending your helping anyone with your evil agenda except yourself. We know and we are many!!
Please oppose the mandate of the covid 19 vaccine for children ages 5 -11. 
Please consider the extremely low risk to kids regarding COVID-19 before approving this for EUA. Our state will mandate it which is unfair to kids without comorbidities. Thank you.
I am opposed to giving covid vaccination to children aged 5-11. Transmission of COVID-19 among children in schools and daycares is very rare.According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. There are no adequate long-term safety studies of mRNA covid vaccines because the placebo group was “unblinded” and allowed to get the vaccine.
It is completely unnecessary to mandate vaccination on children. This should be a choice and not a mandate. We completely oppose this mandate. Please do the right thing. Follow the science and not the money. 
This is a cruel and evil mandate it has nothing to do with health only control and abuse which is pure communism 
I VOTE NO TO THE GENE THERAPY TO BE PUSHED ON CHILDREN . NO , NO, NO. NO COVID INJ. FOR CHILDREN.CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY.
I firmly believe that these injections should be a personal choice. Not mandated by so called experts.I especially do not trust people who would torture defenseless animals such as the beagle puppies.If they would do that then it's not to far a leap to think that our children and elderly are at risk as well.
Please do not mandate our children (our future) to get this shot. This is not OK!!! 
I am a mother of 2 young daughters who are up to date on their vaccinations. I however, am absolutely against mandating an experimental mRNA on my children. I oppose these mandates and will do anything in my power to resist my children from them. 
It is deplorable to target children with the vax. To allow children to make decisions without parents consent is illegal. This government is overstepping. Leave our children out of this. 
Children should be spared from this vaccine! How can you continue to inject this poison into everyone?!? Is the $ really worth all the lives you are killing? Stop it! Find it in your heart to say this is wrong! Think of your judgment day, are you willing to stand for Gods creation or to destroy it?
There is no evidence that justifies giving the Covid-19 vaccine to children 5-11 when they have a 98+% chance of surviving it. I feel it is unjustified and unconstitutional to force it on any of us. I personally know a woman that received it and was at work the following week and dropped dead in the grocery isle at her workplace. I don’t want to see my grandchildren subjected to it.
Do not approve any injection for children it, it is genocide and their at consequence for your actions. I have four children and they will no longer receive any injections, you have lost all credibility.
No on mandated Covid-19 vaccination for children 5-11!
Please do not let kids get this vaccine. There are no long term studies on what this can do to their developing bodies. This could potentially become a generation of young adults not able to have children because of the effects of this shot. We just don't know. There needs to be more research Into side effects.
Please Please protect our children and do not approve vaccination for them. Please. This is our most dangerous vaccine yet and our mosts vulnerable population.
Opposes a vaccine that is not a vaccine but the elimination of children. We will not allow and do not give our children to anyone. 
This is absurd to call the covid shot a vaccine and to attempt to mandate it for children. It does not prevent transmission of the virus. 
I believe vaccinating children is a crime against humanity. With the potential side effects and low incidence of death from COVID-19, no reasonable person would subject their children to this vaccine. Do not approve the vaccination of children for COVID-19.
This is Unconstitutional. This is flat out Tyranny! You can not enforce an experimental Vaccine on children. I do not consent to this. Hell hath no fury like a mother scorned. You will see the mother in this country rise if you keep messing with God's children. Have mercy on your Soul!
Government has no right to mandate Covid vaccines to anyone, nor children ages 5-12. Govt is over stepping the parents rights for their child
No parent I know is willing to give this shot to their children...other than Brandon. Come on...let’s go Brandon. Get it together
I am vehemently against children ages 5 - 11 to receive the covid 19 injection. Most already have herd immunity. There is no scientific evidence to prove children will benefit. The risks of the injection are much, much greater than your stated benefits and you know it. There are no benefits. Leave the children alone.
No to mandating vaccine to children 5 and up. No mandates for anyone concerning the vaccine or infringing on anyone's health care. The government does not own our bodies. It is our God given right to decide what goes in our bodies.
Children do not need any Covid vaccine. Children in my family have had Covid and they recover quickly w mild symptoms. Reactions from Pfizer and moderne have put my Dad and aunt in the hospital 
I do not agree with vaccinating children 5-12 with an experimental so called vaccine, this virus has proved not to effect children, they were given by God a wonderful immune system, stand up for our children or face the consequences of our Almighty God 
No no no no no! There is no reason kids need to be vaccinated. We have data! They are at no risk! So why force a vaccine on them? That’s never been done before. Also we now know that vaccinated means you can still spread it. So why vaccinate kids? It doesn’t help them or anyone else. 
Oppose vaccine mandates for children 5-12 years old. Science doesn’t support it.
We should not be mandating a vaccine for our kids. The data and statistics don’t support it. Vaccinate the children/adults at risk. You are punishing our kids for your agenda. Show me the data to support it and I will re think. Pediatric units were shut down during the middle of the pandemic…why? Because they are not the at risk population. This is ridiculous. We will not follow along.
This vaccine should not be recommended for anyone after all the deaths and adverse reactions. Especially NOT children. Please do not even approve it for children because you know you don't truly trust it either 
You’re not vaccinate my children I guarantee you that!!
There is absolutely no reason to use untested vaccine on the most vulnerable to that vaccine population. Especially since they don't need it, especially those who already have antibodies.
Please don’t make vaccines mandatory. There’s no one size fits all medicine. And this thing is still in experimental stage. 
Please do not force this medication upon our children. Let parents and doctors decide what’s best for the individual child. I am a mother of three young children, and I am demanding that my right to parent my children in the way I best see fit remains my right. 
We strongly urge the FDA and CDC to stop the approval of this drug until there is more research provided. There are not enough benefits proven vs the risks that could result in a worsened case than showing positive with covid. PLEASE DO NOT APPROVE THIS VACCINE FOR KIDS!!!!
Please do not mandate vaccines for anyone, especially children.. They have their whole lives ahead of them and we have no idea how truly harmful these vaccines are and the affects they will have on them the rest of their life.. people are already having terrible side affects. Kids have an incredible survival rate.
Do not impose vaccine mandates on our children. There have been too many adverse side-effects and unknowns about these vaccines - the risk of vaccine injury is far greater than the effects of getting covid for children. This is uncalled for and dangerous. Vaccines have also been linked to people who don’t have our best health interests in mind. Thank you and God bless you.
There is no long term studies done to see how this will affect our kids. Do not mandate this vaccine! 
Please do not support vaccine for children 5 to 12.
Opposed to children 5-12 yrs receiving vaccine. Too young, too many adverse reactions being seen, no studies supporting it's effectiveness
Young children are not susceptible to COVID-19 and should not be vaccinated. These vaccines are experimental and pose the risk of a long-term health detriment to all who receive them. Protect our children!
Do not authorize this injection for children 0.0007% across all kids in America under the age of 18 is no grounds for authorizing! 
Before a child is vaccinated the parents need to be asked to give their consent. The vaccine should not be given without it.
To give covid vaccines to this age group is incredibly dangerous and irresponsible. 
Please do not vax children. They are not at risk or in emergency status.
No to USA mandate of COVID-19 or Covid related vaccines
Do not jab the kids….do your due diligence and all testing before considering this. Thank you, concerned grandparent 
I do not believe the Covid vaccine should be recommended nor mandated for children ages 5-12. There has not been enough data or time to study if this vaccine is necessary for this age group and if it will do more good than harm. There have already been many studies that show children ages 5-12 handle the Covid virus well and the majority recover without any issues. 
Please leave our children alone. God, not government, takes care of ALL of us. We are not suppose to fear anything in this world but government has everyone scared to death. But not me. If God is on your side then no one can touch you. Not even Covid. So please put down your needles and pick up a Bible. That is the only protection we will ever need. 
DO NOT MANDATE COVID 19 VACCINE ON YOUNG CHILDREN AGES 5-12!!
Safe guard the children from this viscous government!This shot is genocide on all humans!These mandates are Crimes against the!Protect our children, worldwide children, from this corrupt Communist, Wuhan experimental only, shot!This farce is making a lot of $&@&$&@ extremely wealthy at the price of humanity!
Please do not poison our children with an experimental concoction with a tremendous amount of adverse effects reported so far. How many more children have to harmed or killed before this madness is stopped? This is a flu virus with a 99% survival rate if you get it, then you will have natural immunity. That’s the way God designed our bodies. The shot should only be voluntary not forced.
You must stop the implementation of forcing Covid vaccine mandates on our citizens, particularly our youth and young children. Too much is unknown regarding the long term consequences of this experimental drug which has already proven harmful and deadly for far too many people of all ages. Stop the death and destruction for the sake of Big Pharma profits and Big Government control.
This vaccine has not been properly tested. Our children will not be test dummies. All other vaccines have gone through many years of testing before being used. This vaccine has many very bad side affects. Children having heart attacks and strokes. Kids forming myocarditis and forming blood clots. Study have shown that for every life saved 2 people die. 
Children are not at risk of severe illness for covid 19. Less risk than influenza. Any consideration of mandating a covid vaccine for children is pure political power grab which we will not tolerate. The non elected officials at the FDA and CDC are over reaching by even considering this. Stay in your lane. 
No to any vaccination! This decision is to be made by 5he parent and their physician! Not enough study in the long term side effects of the vaccine.
As a parent I implore you to deny this action. Our children deserve protection from their parents and their country. Forcing anyone to do something is against our constitution.
I was hospitalized after my first shot with hold and cold flashes and even a blood clot. My child will not be able to handle this as. This should not be for children.
Please stop the mandate for children to be vaccinated against COVID . This should be always in the parents’ rights to decide for their own children- not the government ! This is tyranny!! It’s appalling! The vaccine has so many scary risks and side effects!!! Please don’t approve this mandate! 
Kids don't die from Covid. They die from fake vaxxines! You know this; we know you know this; just stop the murder!
You are about to approve something that may kill thousands of young children. The disease has unfortunately taken children’s lives, but the cure will undoubtedly take many more, and we have no long term studies on fertility, birth defects, cancer or other diseases caused by the vaccine. If you approve this for young children in haste, may God have mercy on your soul.
I do not allow my children to consume food that is bioengineered or gmo, etc., why on earth would I allow them to become an experiment and let you put a harmful substance that is not even properly researched into their bodies? I don't experiment with my family members; they are more important to me than life. Additionally, they are not even at risk; the vaccine poses the real risk.
This is outrageous. Our children's health decisions should be made by a family and their doctors. Do not mandate these experimental drugs.
My child will not be vaccinated. This is unconstitutional 
Do not allow the Covid vaccine to be administered to children! The harm is dangerous! You’ll be held responsible for the injuring and sickening of 1,000’s of humans!!!!! Please end mandates and give the people back their choice. 
These vaccines are not safe. Fauci is a liar and the Democrats want to reduce the world population, vaccines are a way to do it. This is communism. Do not mandate people to take it. The covid numbers were inflated to scare everyone. Stop the madness.
How much are you being paid by drug companies to force a group that almost no chance of having a bad reaction to this virus.
I whole heartedly disagree with children receiving the so called “vaccine” for covid 19
Children this age are still growing and we have no long term data as to what effect these vaccines could have on their little bodies, so I strongly oppose vaccinating 5-12 year olds against COVID -19
While I hope that soon the FDA will be able to give full approval to a safe and effective CoVID vaccine, and I would choose to have my children vaccinated, I am strongly opposed to the government making any vaccinations mandatory for anyone.
Please do not be a part of the FDA approval of vaccine for kids. What is tested is insufficient in time. Wait for more research. Please.
Please don’t make our children take this! I know many people who were vaccinated who still got sick. You don’t make everyone get a flu shot. Please let families decide for themselves.
It is a sun that any child would be injected with any experimental med when they have over a 95% survival rate. The long term effects are not known yet of any of these Covid shots. They deserve a chance to grow unharmed. 
Please don’t jab our kids. They have a nearly 100% survival rate and we don’t know what the potential long term effects will be on their young and developing bodies. Please, please don’t use our babies as guinea pigs. 
It is unethical to recommend these vaccines for children. Let alone adults. You know the VAERs data and see the horrendous side effects. Protect our children. Please do not do this.
In my view, vaccinating children ages 5-11 for Covid is a criminal act- pure and simple. There is no data to support this measure.
This is not needed for children as the science reports because the natural immunity and durability of the children's immune system along with a 99% survival rate there is no need whatsoever and also violates the Nuremberg code as defined. You are well aware of this and still continue to push this agenda. This is a hill people will stand on.
I am strongly against the covid vaccine for children! It is not proven to be safe for them. 
Hi, I am a parent and am genuinely concerned with the potential mandate of the Covid vaccine particularly with this age group (5-12 years old) that has proven to have a very small risk of severe side effects and we don't know the long-term effects yet. Please reconsider this and all mandates of the Covid vaccine in general. Thank you. 
The vaccine shouldn't be mandated for children. More and more evidence keeps coming out that it's killing and injuring people of all ages old and young. This would be a big mistake. The immune system alone is way better than the covid shots. God is watching and won't be pleased if you go through with this.
So many countries, including the Nordics and the UK, have determined that vaccines for kids pose greater risk than reward. Please consider the data and lives of children instead of the profits of Pharma. 
DO NOT APPROVE OF VACCINATING KIDS!!! STAY ON RIGHT SIDE OF HISTORY!!! IT'S MADNESS, DO NOT RISK THE LIFES OF INNOCENT CHILDREN!!!
The CDC VAERS has reported thousands of deaths from all the vaccines and hundreds of thousands adverse reactions, some permanent and/or life threatening. To approve these vaccines for even younger children is unconscionable.
Peoples choice to take the Covid Vaccine or not, where is our so called freedom???? Stop all mandates, if people do not want or do not believe in the vaccine leave them alone. NO MANDATES FOR ANYONE.......
Freedom of choice. Vaccines should not be mandated. 
We all know that the COVID Vaccine is not a vaccine it’s an experimental bio agent that can cause serious side effects including death and since children can not give an informed consent and COVID 19 doesn’t seem to make them very sick the children should be excluded from getting the shot. Leave our children alone so they can stay healthy!
Giving vaccines to children of any age is 100% insanity and outright child abuse!
NO Vaccines to Children ages 0-18 As an American, and as a grandmother, I DO Not agree that Any child ages 0-18 should be forced to get vaccinated for anything that their parent or guardian does not agree with.
Leave the kids out of the experimental vaccine trials! The last thing we need is to lose more children because of adverse reactions. 
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults..
Please FDA, approve this experimental "vaccine" for children, and join the ranks of the DMV. Government run, inept, and universally distrusted by Americans. Not that we trust you to begin with. Cheers.
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for young children. Studies show children are at extremely low risk of getting severe COVID or long COVID, or of dying from COVID. There is also unknown risks, which will only happen over time. Please stop pushing these vaccines on our children!! How about focus on treatment instead of vaccines. 
With all the adverse reactions to this vaccine from adults, this is not something that small children need at this time. Studies need to be done, and the government has no place mandating what we must put in our bodies. Stop this madness!
PLEASE don’t mandate a covid shot for kids. It isn’t necessary, LET PARENTS DECIDE.
This is an outrage. The virus does not affect this age child. It is futile to give them this shot esp when the risk outweighs the benefit. Please do not approve this shot to be given to these precious children. 
Our children are not test volunteers or guinea pigs for this administration!!!!!!!!
Please protect our children and say no to the Covid shots for children 5-11. Please listen and learn about how these shots are injuring and killing people everyday. The child need protection from this and are not at high risk!
I absolutely disagree with mandating vaccines and especially mandating Covid 19 vaccines for kids to attend school!
A mandate is not a law, and using it to coerce people into taking a substance that has not been tested for safety is unethical and immoral. The First Amendment is being violated with this method of coercion. Stop undermining the authority of individuals with manipulation.
Vaccines should be optional, not mandatory, for all of society, especially our vulnerable children.
Please do not make decisions for our children. Let parents have freedom to be in charge of their own children and their healthcare. 
There are over 800K adverse events linked to all the three Covid vaccines in VAERS . This mRNA technology has not been evaluated or proven safe in adults nor in children. The risks would be greater for children. The FDA needs to act to stop these mandates. The risk of Covid in children is minimal the vaccines are greater risk than the virus 
Stop poisoning our families! Eliminate the covid vaccine! Covid is like the flu and never going away! You know it everyone knows it. 
Absolutely disgusting that you would even consider a mandate for the children. God will punish you far greater than any man will
Children have almost zero risks associated with getting Covid 19. The vaccine should not even exist for adults statistically and surely should not even be a discussion for implementing on children. This whole process needs to be stopped immediately. Not necessary and not statistically even helpful less than 1% of vaccinated are even protected. 
There should be NO covid vaccinations period! Let alone any child!!
Healthy children aren’t threatened by COVID-19, you money-grubbing fear-mongers. There is no need for an Emergency Authorization for a supposed "vaccine" for any age group given all of the other documented treatments available.
I am not ok with mandates for children or anyone at that. Stop mandating vaccines. 
Don’t do this. Don’t approve the Experimental jab for babies as young as 5! Where there is risk there MUST be choice. Stop being an arm of pharma - they have harmed more people than WORLD WARS. People are needlessly dying over an experimental vaccine that is neither safe NOR effective. This is genocide of our future generation. Remember when you are old, THEY will make the choices for you.
Please do not approve this. This is still experimental and the risks of this approval far out way the effects COVID 19 would have on our children.
Not safe , especially for children. “ vaccine “ is crimes against humanity. Disclose true ingredients. 
I know you know this is dangerous. Please find it in your hearts to follow the true science and first do no harm. It’s not for kids. There is not enough benefit and there is too much risk. You can do the right thing here bad be on the right side of history. 
I do not want my grand children given the jab. This is communism we live in America. What happened to our constitutional rights. You do not have control of us or our children or our grand children. I have seen the damage these vaccines have done to people. I have seen deaths because of this vaccine. Wake up you are a bunch of Satanists. God has control and in the end you will all pay
Say NO to mandated medicine of any kind. That’s private and personal. 
Please put a hold/stop on the covid19 vaccination for our children. 5 - 11 year olds. You know there are serious problems with vaccinating these children and you also know they are not likely to either get or transmit this virus. And you have already admitted this vaccine is pretty much a total FAILURE
Please do not inflict this on our children. The disease this is for is less than 2 years old. How can the vaccine have been properly tested in that short time? Who can state, with certainty, what the long term effects will be for a 5 year old child?
It makes no apparent medical sense to force novel experimental injections on an entire young generation who are not likely to suffer from Covid-19. To assert otherwise indicates a lucrative and/or phobic psychosis. Prove your humanity and uphold our genetic sovereignty. 
This is criminal forcing children to get this toxic injection. It is almost as bad as the FDA buying body fetal parts in 2012.
Hands off our kids! This makes NO sense, the people are awakening and this will not happen quietly. There's nothing quite like a mother or father defending their child. HANDS OFF!!
This is very dangerous how they rolled out this experimental gene therapy using the world population as mice and not knowing the long term consequences know they want to use children what an abomination totally against it
There is no need for vaccination of kids as the data shows they are not in risk for COVID. No experiment should be done on them for no medical danger . 
My children are not going to be your guinea pigs. 
With a 99.9 survival rate, these kiddos do not need this! It doesn’t reduce transmission, so what’s the point? Stop this madness. 
No to vaccine mandates! Health is individualized, there is no one size fits all solution. 
Do NOT mandate this for children!!! Of ANY AGE!!! 
Any drug not properly tested should NEVER be allowed for ANYONE especially our children. Issuing an emergency use authorization for a drug not fully tested is reckless and illegal. The FDA has lost its trust with the American people for not following processes that ENSURE the safety of drugs BEFORE they are approved for use. Do the right thing and protect the lives of Americans.
I am opposed to the covid shot being available for children. 
We should no be mandated to test this vaccine on our children not knowing the long term effects!
Given the low morality of people under 18, is it wise to push for vaccines with no long term data?
Please approve COVID 19 vaccination for 5-11 children as soon as possible. Please mandate for all students that wish to attend school in person. 
Please do NOT approve COVID vaccinations for children 5-11 years old.
You will start a war if you mandate this bullshit onto our children. We as parents won’t allow it, won’t comply and strongly oppose this. 
The potential side effects of this treatment dwarf any benefit delivered for this age cohort. The risk from COVID is almost zero; the risk of a side effect is decidedly not. And those are only the side effects that were both short term and publicly reported. Please stop treating children like guinea pigs.
My neighbor’s son was injured by the vaccine and now has disabilities he will never overcome. A member of my community, her son died 4 days after taking the vaccine. 
Please please please reconsider and do NOT mandate Covid vaccines for children. The infection and subsequent death risk is so low it does not make logical sense to mandate something with such little study and efficacy. Please do not. Please allow parents discretion to make These health choices for our children. It’s our right to decide what is best for our kids constitutionally!!! 
FDA-2021-N-1088-0001 No to vaccines for children. They are not vulnerable to covid 19. The vaccine puts them at risk for death and serious injury for an absoulute effectiveness of less than l%. This is a crime against humanity and not about health.
Extending EUA to children makes no sense. Children are the least at risk. There is no emergency. EUA will be used to scare parents into injecting children with something that isn’t fully tested. Isn’t that the greater risk?
Do not give these experimental shots to children!!
Why is the FDA even considering a vaccine for a supposed virus that even with the inflated numbers has a 99% survival. Unless it's true that FDA is in bed with the pharmaceutical industry. Y'all will answer for your crimes against humanity just like the Nazi. Either in tbis life or the next. No vaxx for children.
Has Covid-19 been isolated? Are the trials complete for EU vaccination? What happened to the animals tested with these vaccines? Children should not be exposed to medical therapies, EU treatments or genetic modification that has not withstood scientific evaluation using control groups. 
There is no evidence that children are severely ill from Covid 19. There for there no reason to mandate vaccines for children. Covid 19 is NOT as dangerous as polio and meningitis are!
I fully support and encourage mandating covid vaccine for children and adults. Thank you
Hell no. You do not get to tell me what to do with my children tht you know nothing about. 
Please remember that the Pfizer data does not include the young girl who had to drop out of the trial due to severe adverse effects. She was abandoned by Pfizer and her family has borne all costs of her severe, ongoing injury. How many children are you willing to destroy for this unnecessary vaccine. There are myriad early and prophylactic treatments for the few children harmed by COVID 
Do not approve mandating vaccines for children 5 to 12 years of age
This is ridiculous we all know these vaccines are causing more harm than it’s worth the risk do not approve this vaccine for children 5-11 this is just a disgrace to our country and our government needs to be overturned 
Dear Sirs and Madams, I am writing to you today AGAINST mandating the Covid-19 vaccine for children AND adults. We the people are in charge of our individual health and freedom! 
Parents should decide for their children, not government. 
Please do not give these covid shots to kids!! VAERS clearly shows huge numbers of adverse events and it's clear that they are causing myocarditis and pericarditis in young people among other things. And to what end? Children have a near zero chance of catching or spreading covid so what reason can there be for putting them at risk of death or lifelong disability?! Please do not do this!
Blood is on your hands. This will be the final straw and people WILL NOT take it anymore. You mess with people’s children and you will see a side of people that you never would have expected. Do the right thing and do not mandate this. God is watching. 
I strongly disapprove of this mandate. A vaccination along with any other health related issues of a minor should be between the parent the patient and their doctor. It is not up to the government to force anyone to inject substances into our bodies regardless of age.. Do not pass this mandate.
Children are at very little risk for complications due to covid-19. There is absolutely no reason for this age group to be compelled to get these experimental mRNA injections, other than massive profits for the pharmaceutical companies. There are no long term studies showing safety in adults, let alone children! Stop this insanity.Sincerely,Jody Klamm
Strongly opposed to covid vaccine for children 5-12. They are very low risk group and carry a lower viral load when infected. 
stop the push for covid vaccines on children 5-12. It's criminal.
Do not mandate vaccines for our children ages 5-12 
Kids have a higher risk of adverse reactions from the injection than they do of hospitalization caused by Covid-19. The benefits of this injection DO NOT outweigh the risks!
OPPOSE the mandatory vaccine for 5-11yrs for science showed there are more risk of injuries from the vaccine than Covid-19. This is so wrong to put into our children. Vote NO
Hello- I am writing to state my strong opposition to any mandate that would require children 5-12 to be administered the Covid 19 vaccine. It goes against both my firmly heals religious beliefs. Also, the risk of severe illness in children it does not warrant the risk of injury to children.
Children have strong and healthy immune systems. Vaccine administration should be something that is discussed and planned by the child's doctor, with the input and PERMISSION from their parents or guardians; not mandated by the government. This is unnecessary, and in my opinion dangerous, considering there has not been ample time to study side effects; myocarditis being one of the most concerning.
Please no COVID vaccines for children or anybody unless they consent.
We should never vaccinate our children with an experimental shot! They are born to have a strong immune system they do not need outside of assistance from something that hasn’t been tested properly and has no efficacy! 
Covid vaccines for children are unwarranted, only one child death in ND and this poor child with health issues could have died from influenza as easily. You are risking the possible future health of our children and removing the barrier that they provide for natural immunity. Real science would NEVER allow vaccination of those not affected. In fact, this defies real science and you know it!
This is supposed to be a free country. We will not subject our child to experiments. We do not believe that the Covid 19 "vaccine" is safe. 
 I urge you to not approve the vaccine for our children. There is no long term data to be able to say it is safe. We do not know the long-term effects. Children are not at risk from Covid and there have been many adverse reactions and deaths they need to acknowledge & investigate. Please do not expirament on our kids.
No to Vaccination of children 5-11. and for that matter any children of any age. Since it's NOT a Vaccine to begin with it's a DNA/RNA therapy... Myocarditis, dealth, nervous system and brain problems, immune system destruction, human sterilization.... PURE EVIL under a phony label as a Vaccine...!
There is no sufficient scientific data to prove the effectiveness nor safety for the population you are considering approval for vaccination (children). There is also no basis on which to encourage nor mandate vaccination for said population given the scientific data reporting the low risk. 
With the survival rate for children being so high, I feel the risk of the vaccination is higher than the actual virus itself. We should not force anyone to get the vaccination, let alone the children. It should be a choice. Let’s stop using people as guinea pigs, and forcing them to do something they don’t want to do and threatening their livelihood if they don’t.
Children are more at risk from the vaccine than they are from Covid-19 itself! How could you even consider an unlicensed vaccine for a disease that would kill less than 1 in 10,000?? This is medical malpractice of the highest order!
Who ever let’s these forced vaccinations continue will be tried under the Nuremberg code because you need informed consent that is not under duress. That is not happening here. Morality and integrity must be upheld in our society or we are all doomed. Forced vaccinations are criminal.
Children do not need a vaccine. They are not at risk or danger. Enough is enough 
As this is not a “true” threat to children AND the long term effects of this vaccine are not known, this should not be a required for children. Additional/long term studies must be completed. Why the rush when the numbers do not support this? $$$$$. 
I wonder why this vaccine is needed for small children when it has yet to be determined that the Virus is dangerous to them, or that they are carriers. There has not been enough time nor evidence to prove this vaccine is long term safe. Why do you feel you have the right to murder our children?
Nobody should be forced to take a vaccine especially children! They are way more likely to be hurt from vaccine than covid.
Pls do not give the Covid shot to young children. We do not yet know the long term side effects of these vaccines.
Vaccine isnt needs for people under the age of 40 unless they have pre existing health conditions or are obese.
Say NO to Covid Vaccinations for Kids! The risk of adverse reactions of this shot (which does not prevent infection nor transmission) is higher than the risk of death or hospitalization for all persons ages 18 and younger. There is effective treatment available! This is completely unnecessary and not wanted, not to mention dangerous. Say NO!
DO NOT APPROVE AN UNPROVEN VACCINEFOR CHILDREN AGES 5-12. THERE IS NOHEALTH EMERGENCY FOR CHILDREN.
NO to Covid Vaccinations for Kids 5-11. NATURAL IMMUNITY IS BEST !
I am against vaccinating children for covid. There is no scientific data to support this ridiculous experiment. 
For a population group that has a 99.99% chance of surviving COVID. Why would you even consider subjecting to the toxins that are in a vaccine. Our children today are being forced into more and more vaccines that inject toxins into their young bodies. THIS MUST STOP!
Please refuse to approve the COVID-19 vaccines for youth. The face masks are causing enough damage, and also deserve a thorough review and cost/benefit analysis, as they are causing harm every day.
Children will NOT benefit from the vaccines as they have not had sufficient time for testing and there have already been adverse reactions to the vaccines administered to children. Additionally, children are the LEAST at risk for getting and suffering from COVID. Parents will decide what is in the best interest of their children’s health...and education!
Government does not have a right over anyone medical choice. 
It is proven that children do not have symptoms of Covid-19, they are not in danger of having serious health issues if they contract it. It is also proven that Covid-19 vaccines do not protect against infection and transmission. Therefore, it is pointless forcing young children to have any Covid-19 vaccine.
Please review the data carefully and then expedite vaccine eligibility for young kids as quickly as possible. They deserve all the safeguards we can give them. 
My daughter was injured by a vaccination in the past and suffered greatly. She should have a voice and a Choice going forward as to what she puts in her body. 
No, just no! Look at the statistics who is it harming the most? You can take your so-called vaccine and do what you want with it. It will not be put in my body or anybody that I care about! FDA, you should be ashamed of ourself! 
The Covid vaccine should not be approved for ages 5 and up. There is not enough long term research on this vaccine and the risks of Covid in children are minimal. 
I oppose mandating vaccines for children of 5-12 years of age as they are at extremely low risk from the virus and the vaccines are still considered experimental so the long term effects in children are unknown and may potentially be more serious than the virus which for children that do catch it is often asymptomatic. 
PLEASE DO NOT APPROVE THIS FOR OUR CHILDREN!!! It is not safe! 
No students should be mandated to take the covid vaccine!
With regard to docket number FDA-2021-N-1088 I am stridently opposed to the use of this vaccikenon children. They have 0 risk of dangeous or seriiua outcomes from covid. The innoculation poses far greater risks to them both now and in the future than the virus. This is immoral, and unethical to even consider. 
Please stop this!!!! There is no need to vaccinate children for covid, especially when children are seldom dying from its sysptoms. Likewise, with the Vax, they can still get it and transmit it. How about we focus on actual children’s health, that will give them a fighting chance in this world - like proper nutrition.
Please no mandates for children. Should be the choice of parents 
Mandates are not laws. No one should take an untested, nonapproved, vaccine just because the demonRat president mandates it. It's criminal what he is proposing with so many deaths associated with the vaccine especially young children who are unaffected by the disease should not be targeted.
Please do not rush into vaccines for young children.And, why is there so little information about building a healthy immune system?
The UK has found no benefit for healthy young people to take this Covid 19 shot, and have found increased risk of myocarditis. The children do not need this shot and it will cause more harm than good. 
We our our kids best advocate. Stop the mandates and allow us to do our parental duties.
Absolutely no science, even in CDC website that you g children are helped by these experimental usage authorization drugs! Parents and only parents are in charge of their children’s Heath. These jabs do not stop transmission. Stop trying to murder the next generation. 
As if there could be an argument for or evidence presented that could make this justifiable. You want to genetically alter children with a mandatory experimental injection. No, good people do not participate in or approve of such evil. You must stop this attack on humanity now.
Children have literally 99% survival rate from COVID. We do not know long term effects. It is the parents choice whether they want their children vaccinated. 
The benefits do not outweigh the known and unknown risks for children ages 5-11 at this time. Given the lack of robust clinical trials, known risk profile of this age group, and the unclear adverse effects transparency for this mRNA drug it’s reasonable to exclude all children due to the potential harms it may cause.
5-12 year olds are not in high risk category for serious complications from COVID-19 with only a .008% mortality rate. No mandate for Vaccination for anyone at any age.
What exactly is the point of mandating children to receive the COVID vaccine when children are not impacted by the virus? I absolutely do NOT support this action at any level. 
This is to oppose approval to require COVID-19 vaccinations for 5-11 year old children, who as data shows are at very low risk of dying from this. It does not make any sense to put them at a potential higher risk from an experimental shot. If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.
Please do not authorize this vaccine for children ages 5-12! They do not spread the disease, they do not suffer from the disease when they catch it. But any vaccine will harm some of those who receive it. It is an evil society that harms children to make the adults feel more comfortable.
No good reason exists to inject an experimental use only concoction into a child. Influenza is more dangerous to a child than Covid. I oppose the use of the mRNA vaccine on children
Who will be responsible when children start dying and/or reacting to the shot? How many years of double-blind-saline-placebo studies have been conducted on children? Have children on various medications been tested thoroughly? If children have long term side-effects, how will these cases be handled? 
I'm a public Health nurse, a vaccinated as well as a person who's had covid and had the vaccine. You are not listening to SCIENCE! making them wear a mask or worse take a vaccine like this is nothing more than cold abuse. This is the parents call, not the government. You are completely overstepping. This is where I draw the line in the sand. 
Please oppose the COVID vaccine for 5 to 11 year olds. The risk of the vaccine known and long term unknown side effects are more dangerous to them the the virus itself. 
Please do not recommend giving to children. So many side effects and no benefits. No long term studies. No long term safety data. My son goes to college in Alabama and a classmate was repeatedly hospitalized after taking the injection. Please look into the VAERS report. It says it all. 
There is such a statistical significance that healthy children who contract Covid get by with little or no symptoms that I feel this emergency use authorization is unwarranted at this time.
I do not agree that the covid vaccines should be given to children ages 5-12. Children do not need to have this vaccine mandated. I am completely against it.
A vaccine that is NOT preventing, NOT stopping contracting NOR spreading this "virus" should NOT be forced on ANYONE especially being IT DOESNT WORK. 
As a parent I am firmly for vaccinating children and have vaccinated my older kids as soon as they were able. 
Children ages 5 to 11 are at an extremely low risk for experiencing adverse reactions COVID-19. The vaccine can do more harm than good die them at this point in time. This vaccine has not had the chance to have any longitudinal studies done. Please don’t consider this. This is not right by any means.
Please do not mandate covid vaccines for children ages 5-18. This is a decision that should be made between parents.
I am 1000% opposed to giving this vaccine to ANY child, let alone 5-12 year olds. We are seeing far too many side effects in older children, and adults already. With the amount of deaths and adverse reactions on Vaers, and the fact that it does not stop infection OR transmission, this should be stopped COMPLETELY! DO NOT allow this to be given to these young children!
No evidence necessitates requiring vaccination for young healthy individuals. The rates of cases, hospitalizations, and deaths are too low to meet the requirements for such a position. Requiring medical treatment at such a low threshold only weakens the human immune system and the nation’s economy. Obesity is a bigger problem than COVID for all Americans.
Regardless of FDA approval, this remains experimental with NO long-term information. Why would we place our children, our future, in this position? Please stop the madness since children have proven over the past 20 months to not be high risk for covid complications. 
Please DO NOT approve these vaccines for children. The Covid virus is not dangerous for children. The injury rate of those vaccinated greatly surpasses the risk children have for injury from this virus. Please place the health and safety of children as priority number one, rather than Pharmaceutical company profits. 
Children DO NOT need to be vaccinated. They have their own God given immunity to fight diseases. The vaccine doesn't even work so why do you keep insisting that everyone get vaccinated. It's an experimental drug that is dangerous for all so do the right thing and STOP ALL THIS NONSENSE. You know the truth about this vaccine so stop pretending that you don't. 
Our children should never be subject to an experiment like this. We need long term studies to show the effects of this new drug on our children who are the least likely to be affected by the disease. This is unacceptable and the Covid shot hasn’t even been tested on our adult population for a year yet! What happened to the two year testing period for safety?! 
STOP LEGISLATING OUR HEALTH CHOICES! Provide us with comprehensive information and let US decided!!!! WE are highly intelligent beings, NOT zombies! As our elected officials you all have BETTER THINGS TO DO!!!!
No to vaccines for children 5 to 11! There’s still too much area of unknown for long-term effects. Children have a very low risk of becoming ill or hospitalized with COVID-19.
This deadly poisonous vaccine never enter my children’s bodies! You will be met with a force from God when all parents unite to make sure you never hurt one of our precious babies!!
No, our children should not be required to be vaccinated for COVID. The risk of them getting seriously ill from COVID is very low and they do not need more requires vaccines. We do. It know the long term effects of this vaccine and our children should not be used as guinea pigs for this vaccine. We need more long term studies before this house be considered. 
I do not approve of the vaccinations , children or adults….,
There is not enough long term information on this vaccine to mandate it for our young children. I truly believe that this could be extremely detrimental to their health, and the long term effects of them being pulled out of school to avoid this mandatory vaccine will take a major toll on their future and education. 
Kids have no risk of dying from covid. Jab is murder. Stop it immediately 
99%plus recovery rate for children. This is madness to vaccinate them. Also want FULL list of ingredients before anyone can consent.
For 2 years children were not a concern, they were not getting deathly ill...as their natural immunities were sufficient and so force jabbing children an experimental drug is REDUNDANT! It is now well known vaccines have adverse reactions. SWEDEN for example has halted injections. Enough with this vaccine SCOURGE on American human beings! Enough!
Taking away a parent's right to do what THEY deem best for their child is absolutely reprehensible for the government to even consider! This is a completely unproven vaccine with no idea about long term effects and should not be mandated for ANYONE let alone a child. 
The benefits do not outweigh the risks for this age group. Approval would not be practicing safe medicine. 
Kids should not have to be mandated this vaccine. Parents should be given the right as a parent to choose what is best for their child. Forcing a vaccine for a virus that has a 98% recovery from is outrageous 
My 12 year old son had an adverse reaction to his one year old vaccines. I fear that the same will happen if he is forced to get the covid vaccine in order to remain in school. He suffered hundreds of seizures and because of that was seriously delayed in all areas. I kindly request that you please consider all of our children’s needs.
My children will not be participating in this biological experiment.
Please leave the children out of this. This vaccine is proven to not be effective and have serious side effects.
According to Covid-19 vaccination of age group 5-12 years old, it is known that Covid infections are mild on children and it poses no threat to this age group. The Covid vaccines are not tested in long term studies 3 to 5 years and longer. The substances of all Covid vaccines could cause more harm than Covid-19 infection to children. The risks are higher than the benefits of vaccinating children!
If children are such low risk why would you even consider this? There is absolutely no way that my kids are going to be guinea pigs LEAVE THE KIDS ALONE! 
No vaccine mandates for any age. We need Medical choice for our bodies and our children's bodies. Thank you 
Stand against the mandate to vaccinate children against covid 19. The choice is the parent's not the government's.
Kid’s shouldn’t be forced to be vaccinated. After all, long term effects of these vaccines on humans are yet to be known. These couldn’t possibly be known in such a short period of time. This is just a phase three clinical trial. Since it’s just a trial with unknown long term effects, the vaccine should be completely voluntary for both kids and adults. 
No to young people being vaccinated. According to CDC data young people and children our at virtually 0 Rick of serious health issues or death from COVID. It would be criminal to give them an untested vaccine with no long term safety studies. Use your common since and vote NO for children receiving COVID vaccine.
Please say NO to allowing COVID-19 vaccines for children. We have no long term studies to make this a viable idea. NO
No. There is not enough research to allow psychos to inject children with a shot that has already killed millions. YOU ALL ARE TERRORISTS, and you should be ashamed of yourselves. There is a special place in Hell for anyone who contributes to genocide.
We are so against a covid mandate to vaccinate children that will kill those that try to force this vaccination. 
Please do not approve the Covid vaccines for children. Children are very low risk and the risk of side effects and lack of long term studies on side effects does not make this right for consumption. This is still a clinical trial and children should not be forced to participate. NO on Approval.
Mandating vaccines or experimental medicine is illegal and shall be stopped immediately or all concerned shall be tried and dealt with as per the Nuremberg Code and laws.
I am strongly demanding that the government STOP making health decisions for my children and my family. 
Dear FDA, Please don't mandate COVID-19 Vaccinations to our children, leave that up to the Doctors and Parents on a case by case basis.
I strongly oppose to children getting the Covid vaccine. Children have a 99.997% chance of recovering from Covid without any treatment. We do not need to expose their growing bodies to this very new & experimental vaccine. Please don’t risk the lives of children! 
I am wondering if president Biden can be taken to court to stop these mandates? And if so has anyone done that? 
Please do not use our children as test creatures for this vaccine. There can be no way to know for certain that it is safe until it’s too late. It is our responsibility to protect them and they trust us to do so. It’s one thing to make up our mind for our own bodies but to inflict the unknown on them is wrong on so many levels.
We do not agree to vaccinate our kids with the covit19 vaccine.We ask you not to vote for that billFerdinand Zeller, Pensacola
Please do not mandate the vaccinatoon of children between the ages of five and 11. The cons significantly outweigh the pros throughout my research and that of many other citizens that are deeply concerned about this issue. Thank you for your time and consideration.
I higly oppose giving this mrna vaccine to our children which will kill and injure them
Absolutely not vaccinating my children for Covid. 
Please do not approve the covid vaccine for children ages 5-11. The risk appears to outweigh the benefit for that age group.Children do not carry the same risk from the disease as the older population. Their risk of dying from it is extremely low, and does not warrant approving a vaccine without long-term safety studies. Thank you for your consideration.
I dunno who made this virus. I personally think the virus was made for the vaccine. Now they are rolling out mandates and vaccine passports. Please do not subject the children the WEF and the globalist takeover.
I firmly oppose the EUA of the Pfizer Vaccine for children ages 5-11 years old. Do not pass this, it is unnecessary for children to take this vaccine. This vaccine has killied people all over the world.
Please reconsider issuing children a vaccine that has not gone through clinical trials. 
The children are not at risk. Therefore they should not need the vaccine. The risk of long lasting side effects from the vaccine is greater then the risk of covid.
NO mandatory covid "vaccines" for children! This is a decision to be made by their parents only. There have already been many injuries as a result of this "vaccine".
For the sake of all the innocent children and ALL those that have suffered over 700,000 Adverse effects from the deadly vaccines...PLEASE STOP THIS GENOCIDE OF ALL CITIZENS WORLDWIDE! THE VACCINES WERE NEVER TESTED FOR LONG TERM SIDE EFFECTS AND WERE RELEASED WITH WITHIN 6 MONTHS...THESE ARE 'EXPERIMENTAL VAXS'! THESE DEATH VAXS MUST BE STOPPED! PROFITS BEFORE SAFETY IS UNACCEPTABLE!
There should not be any mandates concerning vaccination of children. This should be up to the parents. Why is our Constitution being ignored?
You are our first line of defense as the FDA. We have seen the videos we have watched the death numbers we have seen the myocarditis . We have seen the evil that is coming. Please stop this nonsense as this disease doesn't even affect our children this is about control and its time for you all to step up and so no!
I do not want my child vaccinated with this covid 19 shot
No more mandated vaccines for kids 5-11! No more! I do not support this. No mandatory covid-19 anything! Enough is enough!
Please do not approve these vaccines for children! It’s bad enough that do many adults including myself have been seriously injured by the vaccines. Do not harm our children. They are at far far far higher risk of injury fro the vaccine! Maddie de Graray is a 13 year old who is paralyzed and has been kicked out of the trial and shunned by Pfizer. There is no way any of their data can be trusted. 
I do NOT co-parent with government. Hou will not tell me what will go into my child’s body. I do not comply. Stay the heck away from our children. This is sickening and wrong on so many levels. 
Children have a high survival rate and low impact from covid why give them something they don't need. Not enough is know about these vaccines what are the long term side effects? Not in the next year but in 20 years how will they fair? What comorbidities will come of it? There's too much unkmown!
We don’t need experimental vaxes made mandatory to children! The madness needs to stop! 
According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive.Children are not a significant threat to the elderly and vulnerable as most COVID cases are spread from Adults to children.
I don't want anyone to get these genocide vaccines with graphene oxide, or aborted Fetal cells in them. It's bad enough that the FDA has put it in all our foods, and drinks. STOP KILLING PEOPLE NOW!!
This is ludicrous. No experimental drug should go in children!
Kids don't need to be vaccinated 98%survival rate pass this and a hell of alot of people will make sure you pay for crimes against humanity and murder of children.. 
Before making a catastrophic mistake of forcing children to be part of an experiment where there is no informed consent remove all liability protection offered to the pharmaceutical companies under the Prep Act and the 1986 Act. If you approve this you will be proving how corrupt you truly are. It’s not about health. It’s about money. 
Keep the vaccines for the high risk, immune compromised and elderly...leave the kids out of it they are lowest risk. 
Do not authorize this injection for children. There is a .0007% fatality risk across all under the age of 18. There is no grounds to authorize this. There is no study on the full vaccine schedule for children let alone adding this mrna dose to the mix.
No vaccine is safe, but these covid jabs are not even vaccines. VAERS has reported serious adverse events and death, and only under 10% are reporting. As Dr. Peter McCullough has stated, they have ended programs for deaths under 50. Why is this allowed to go on unless the intent is to kill many. 
 I’m writing to express my very strong opposition to vaccine mandates, especially for children. It is a parent’s right to choose what goes into their child’s body. 
This is not legal to force experimental vaccine on kids. Kids don’t have almost any cov and if they do it is mild. This should not be approved.
Hello I am writing to oppose mandating vaccines from 5 to 12. We know that COVID-19 is not a childhood illness and we need more time to study the long term effects. I have a child on an IEP. We are very careful and how we choose and went to vaccinate her. America is not built on mandates but Freedom.
Please do not force the covid vaccine on children. The benefits do not outweigh the risks when this is such a new vaccine. We can't possibly know it is safe when it's so new and not tested for long enough. For children to take something foreign into their body for a virus where 99% of the people getting the illness pull through just fine doesn't make sense. Please let their parents decide.
Only children between the ages of 5-11 with underlying health conditions or children at higher risk of severe infection should be encouraged to be vaccinated. This should not be a blanket recommendation for all children. Vaccine mandates such as announced in California are wrong and should be avoided. 
Children should NOT be forced to take an experimental therapy for the covid virus. These drugs are NOT tested and are still under EUA. No data has ever been collected. This goes against all Nuremburg codes. 
There's not nearly enough data to understand the long-term effects or to show that the benefits are worth the risk that they bring. Kids dont get severely ill with covid and dont need this vaccine! 
I am not okay with the FDA telling us as parents as to what can be administered into our children. It is our responsibility to keep our children safe, no yours.
Until long-term, human trials are completed and adverse effects decrease, please don't mandate a Covid vaccine. Thanks.
I do not believe children children under the age of 21 should be mandated to have the covid vaccine. In observing the state of Florida their cases have dropped and so have deaths. Americans are weary of seeing our children being used for political gains. I say NO to covid vaccines for anyone under age 21 years unless parents permit it.
These drugs are not studied enough! Stop forcing these drugs on children. Their bodies are still growing and developing. We need our children to be able to strive physically and mentally. These shots could take that away from them! You wouldn’t force this on your family stop forcing it on others!!!
Please don’t do this to our children. If we look at the data we see our children are not getting sick and dying from Covid thus do not need a shot to help their bodies fight against it. They like many of us have natural immunity.Please take time to weigh the consequences of your decision, don’t let it be about peer pressure or money, but the well-being of the future generations. Thank you
This vaccine requirement for children is unnecessary and only about money making for pharmacy companies. Do not mandate for children.
I am totally against forced vaccinations, also all vaccine reaction studies must be published on FDA's website as well as all therapeutics studies. Be transparent. 
The risk to benefit clearly is not favorable. Myocardidtis alone makes vaccination of the young far too dangerous. 99.99815% of children survive COVID according to the CDC and they are not a significant threat to elderly or vulnerable. Three are no long-term studies. Do not harm these children.
Listen to the experts and stop the madness. We the people are not interested in your tyranny and we will resist!
Please 100% DENY request to amend Pfizer-BioNTech's EUA for administration of their COVID-19 mRNA vaccine to children 5 through 11 years of age.
The point in vaccinating children is to keep them safe from Covid. However children are not having serious reactions to Covid but they are, in certain cases, having serious reactions to the vaccine. Long-term consequences of the vaccine are unknown so it makes no sense to push this onto children at this time. Stop putting children in peril of Of future issues. Stop the mandates also.
These vaccines are not one size fits all. Please allow more time for parents and scientists to become more educated before allowing these unknown substances to go into a babies body.
people are more at risk with these vaccines than the virus. stop the mandates, they are a human rights and neuremburg code violation.
Please do not sentence our children to be lab rats for an unknown drug. Should there be adverse effects, their blood will personally be on your hands. Do not require or even approve this shot for young children. You need to wait longer. The risks do not outweigh the benefits.
We need so much more information and testing before we use these product on our children. Many adults are experiencing life-changing side effects and we haven't heard a resolution or conclusion for those yet. How can we give this to our children without that data? Reconsider, for the safety of our children. We need more data than we have. We as parents have a right to informed consent. 
I am a mother of 2 young children and I am against covid-19 vaccine mandates. The children need to build up a natural immunity to the virus. They are not the vulnerable population. Most children who contract covid-19 are asymptomatic or have mild symptoms. We the people, deserve a choice. 
It is insanity to even consider injecting our children with a product that has no long term effect data, has already proven to be a killer beyond that of ALL other vaccines combined (see VEARS), is proving to be non-effective (see Israel, as only ONE example); for a disease with a mortality rate of ~.001% (less than the standard FLU!). Americans see this for what it is; power and greed. 
Please do not approve authorization for children to have an experimental Covid vaccination. This is a totally new thing and needs much more examination before being used on children.
No vaccine for kids!. That vaccine is not tested they way that's it should be. Don't kill or sterilizat our kids. That's vaccine is dangerous for health nothing good in that vaccine. STOP!!!
We do not need mandates NO mandates. Freedom here in America. Freedom of choice. My body my choice. Recognize the natural immunity, antibodies from covid recovery. Stop killing people with the experimental shot. 
Please do not approve the vaccine for our children. This is something that should be a choice amongst families, not the school district or the government. 
Five to 11 year olds should not be vaccinated with the covid vaccine as the risk to benefit ratio does not work in their advantage. Their risk of serious illness from COVID-19 is negligible so please don't make them take on the risks presented by the vaccine. 
Please do not do experimental testing on our youngest citizens. This is dangerous and politically driven. Save our children from this experimental, invetted drug. 
Children should NOT receive an Experimental Vax-already shows many affected with Cardiac & Nuerological adverse reactions. Eliminate The -No Liability—to big Pharma if they say it’s safe! Hundreds of Thousands oF our children will be removed from schools by parents- if this is mandated, which will harm more children than a virus with extremely low mortality 
I want to express my opinion on vaccinating young children. This should be done at parental discretion since there is no evidence that that age group is at risk for the virus. They are more likely to be hurt by the vaccine (i.e. myocarditis, etc.). This should not be mandatory. 
Please do not inject 5-11 year olds with an experimental vaccine. You are going to kill our children. There has to be a better solution. 
The data is clear, children do not need to be vaccinated for COVID 19. The risk of adverse events are greater than any risk from COVID. 
I’m against this mandate vaccine for all ages of children’s it should be the parents choices to what they put into their children’s body. It needs more time and study on long term affects. I’m against this vaccine mandate and I don’t support it one bit. 
Do not do this. It is not the place of govt to vaccinate children without parental consent!
Safety and unknown long term damage has NOT been Proven with administering the COVID vax to children. Thousands of Adults have been injured, maimed and killed due to this injection. For the safety of the Next generation, I imploreYou to NOT inflict this travesty on our children and grandchildren! 
Instead of pushing the Vaxxine, Why not push for a treatment in the event the Vax doesn’t stop the spread? Wouldn’t that be more productive and be more receiving from the public?
Say no to covid vaccines for children. They have practically zero chance of dying from this disease, subjecting prepubesent children to an experimental drug that we don't know the long term effects of is reckless. 
Vaccines should not be mandated for children. I have a vaccine injured child from a regular vaccine that was researched over many years and had been proven safe. How many more children will be injured or killed from an experimental vaccine. FDA you cannot say this vaccine is safe for children, when their have been many deaths and vaccine reactions already from adults. 
I am not in agreement with vacinating the youth. 
Mandating vaccinations is unconstitutional. A parent has the right to determine what procedures, especially experimental, they wish to subject their children to.Potential side effects for the vaccine far outweigh the risk of serious illness in children. 
Please please please approve vaccines for children! 
You CANNOT give children this vaccine death shot. Covid is NOT a threat, it's only a money maker and allowing Communism to creep into America. 
I am concerned about children getting the COVID shot and anyway, children hardly ever have serious ramifications from COVID-19. You could go on wvwtv.com and watch the video on there with Dr. Ardis for more information. 
My children are not test subjects, and the government does not have the right to make decisions regarding their healthcare. I do not co-parent with the government.
No to a mandate for vaccinations for kids 5-12. Do not require kids to receive the covid 19 vaccine. 
What is the death rate among children? You are ghouls, no one knows the long term impact of this. Stop this war crime you monsters
Children are not at risk for this virus nor should they be used as subjects of experiment with a drug that does not have enough research on children to make any mandates! This goes against our constitutional rights. 
Do NOT authorize this non-vaccine shot! Children have essential zero risk of dying or even becoming seriously ill. Yet there is known risk from getting this shot. 
The federal government has NO constitutional right to force children this young or any adult to get a vaccine that has not been proven to be effective.
Please do not consider approving for kids given the following red flags 1. Long term risks unknown2. Other mRNA vaccine Moderna discontinued in several places for young people3. Children likely to benefit more from long lasting natural immunity 
No mandate on Covid vaccine for any age especially the 5-12. I will pull my kids out of school and homeschool if it comes to that. 
The risk of this “vaccine” is far greater than the risk of children contracting the virus. This SHOULD NOT be mandated for children, or anyone. 
Our kids are our future don’t pass this vaccination 
Please don’t allow children to have an experimental shot forced upon them. There are far too many risks and there have already been too many people injured by this so-called vaccine. Children rarely contract or pass on covid in the first place, we know this. Kids who have gotten this shot have been injured and worse. I beg you, do not allow these mandates. Thank you.
Please do not pass this bill!! It will great harm to our children!!
I am opposed to mandatory vaccinations for any age.
Mandatory vaccination for anyone is unconstitutional but especially for children. I will do everything in my power as a mother to keep health freedom a part of our country.
I am opposed to children being forced to vaccinate. This vaccine poses threats to everyone especially children. 
If the vaccines don’t prevent transmission and doesn’t stop the person from getting covid and children have almost a zero percent of dying from covid then why would you even consider injecting an experimental vaccine into them without knowing the long term side effects?
The FDA has zero say in what kids can put in their bodies, that is the parents decision. Also these vaccines are not FDA APPROVED, they are only EUA. You are crossing the line with children. They have 100% chance of survival rate as you all know. Stop this mandate immediately!!! 
Please do not mandate the covid vaccine for my little kids. They already have a lot of allergies and I don’t know how this new vaccine will affect them. It hasn’t been around long enough for me to know the effects. They are not a high risk age group for covid.
After my second dose of Pfizer I presente numbness on my left side chest neck and head pain , felt as if I had 3 construction block on my chest , therefore I wouldn’t even imagine what can do to my kids this should be a matter of decision of a parent not the government mandate, specially the low cases in children this ages! 
Like the subject says, “NO to mandatory vaccinations of any kind. Nothing trumps our constitution, not even mandates.
My grandchildren have had COVID & do not need vaccine, especially since there has not been significant study concerning side effects. If people choose to have their children get the vaccine, let them decide & make the vaccine manufacturers liable for any & all side effects
Do NOT grant EUA of Covid vaccinations for children ages 5-11. There is no long term data on the safety of the Covid vaccines for children. The risk of complications such as, of myocarditis in males 12-18 from the vaccines should be enough of a warning sign to not allow EUA. Please look at the science and Do NOT approve EUA for children 5-11 years old. 
I believe we are still in the pioneer daysOf this new vaccine as we don’t know long term affects or efficiency againstMutated strains. The children are our Future and I implore you to have patience and compassion before making this decision. I think betterVaccines will be available in the nextFew years. Please wait for the sakeOf the future generations 
This vaccine should not be approved for children. There are more risks for a child to get this vaccine than to contract covid. I say no please do not approve.
Data is terrible for recommending a vaccine that is not emergently needed for children. Unethical and immoral to rush this! 
To Federal Regulators, It is complete insanity to overstep your responsibilities in attempting to force vaccinations. Parents have the sole responsibility of this area and anything outside of this is absolute abuse of power!
Please don't kid our kids. There is too much of your own data saying that this experimental drug therapy is unsafe. It should have been stopped long before we got this far. Get off of Pharma payroll and make scientific decisions for the good public health of all.
Absolutely not. The risk of death in children due to COVID-19 is far less than the risk of unknown long term effects from any COVID vaccine. Do NOT vaccinate our children, please wait the 30-40 years to determine, with scientific validity, that there are or aren't long term effects.
I do not agree with the forced vaccination of children, as a fully vaccinated and boostered adult. Especially where children’s risk of vaccine related injuries outweigh their risk from the disease. I urge you to navigate this topic carefully and consider future ramifications of forced vaccination on children.
Children 5 and above should not be vaccinated. This is still a experimental vaccine and our children should not have to be experimented on. Children don’t receive the regular flu vaccine now and they do fine. Please do not let the government and big pharma twist your arm to do something you might not agree on. Your job is to work for the people of the USA to keep up safe . 
I do not agree with mandatory vaccinations for children! This should not be allowed!
These are not tested and are not safe, keep them away from children.
I deeply oppose the Covid vaccine for young children. The risk of harm by this vaccine is much higher than the risk of harm from Covid. No mandates!
Save our children. Vaccine mandates are not necessary. Vaccine availability is all that is necessary. 
Vaccinating children when we have no data on the long term effects of the vaccine is pure insanity. The potential to sterilize a young child is outrageous and should be stopped. The public has lost trust the FDA so it’s time to do the right thing and stand up for the children! 
Children, unless already immune compromised do not need interference with a vaccine that could potentially hurt the heart and other organs. There are no stats showing this virus to be of such great potential danger to children that they need to take the risk of a vaccine for which has known side-effects such as pericarditis. I vote no 
I say NO TO APPROVING the Covid vaccine for children. Not enough conclusive data has been collected to warrant this approval. Why is all the information on how many injuries/deaths the Covid vaccine has caused not in the conversation? Too many injuries to approve to minors! They are not at risk from death though Covid nor causing injury or harm to others!!!!! FULL STOP!!!!
We refuse to take the scientifically dangerous COVID jab. We will not take this jab under any circumstance. 
Me as a 39 year old male will not take the COVID vaccine! Let alone my 3 kids! This non sense needs to stop let the children develop natural immune systems to fight viruses everything does not need a shot or pill to cure it! 
I will not give an unproven long term study drug to my children
The data shows there are health problems associated with the ongoing medical experiment. Adverse effects ,including death, areIndicating that our future and present health are in jeopardy. You will be held accountable!!!!
OPPOSING THE AMENDMENT to the EUA for administration to 5-11 years of age
Telling parents that they have to inject an experimental drug into their young children is absolutely wrong on many levels. The long term effects are unknown. I vote no on the mandate. 
It is violating the rights of individuals to require vaccination especially for children to young to make decisions on there own. There have been cases where the young people have been vaccinated for covid19 that have developed a heart condition. Therefore I do not want a law that would require vaccinations.
There is no need for emergency approval of a COVID-19 Vaccine for children under 18, considering the risk of fatality among this population is 0.0007% and children have shown an insignificant transmission rate. This is not an emergency for this population and the long-term effects of the vaccine on growing bodies have not been thoroughly tested.
WHY give a shot that is not a vaccine for a man made disease that has 99.9% survival rate in young children. It's, by now, common knowledge that the shot is not tested, not proven, not approved , and not safe. People, young and old have died from this shot. I believe it has more to do with money than medical. Stop the hysteria of Biden's mandates. They are NOT laws.
Hands off the children. Children/youth have been the least impacted throughout the entire "pandemic". Furthermore, there is no information regarding the longterm effects these experimental drugs could have on them in the future. Say no to sticking kids. 
There is absolutely no medical reason to give America's children the Covid vaccine especially in light of the heart issues that you know have been occurring in young people with mRNA vaccines for Covid. Please do the right thing and say no. 
Kids have absolutely no danger from this and you should stop pushing it on them. I will never put this in my child. You people should be ashamed of yourselves for even considering this. 
This is reckless. It is unconscionable to consider mass vaccination of young children given the lack of long term safety data regarding young children and the risk/benefit analysis of COVID-19 vaccines in a cohort that has a miniscule chance of dying from Covid-19. . I am strongly opposed to Covid-19 vaccination approval for 5-11 year olds.
I 100% oppose the mandate to “vaccinate” children with these shots. These “vaccines” for one are not eradicating any disease! There is no need to keep mandating. Secondly, these are MY children! It is not your right to force anything into their bodies! My family completely opposes this proposal! 
Children are not high risk and should be exempt from this new and experimental vaccine. There is not enough data to support this vaccine for children. 
I am firmly against covid vaccinations for children. The percentage rate of possible deaths for children is extremely low and therefore does not warrant the forced inoculation of a shot that has not been fully tested over time. The decisions for children's health should not be decided by the government and should be the parent's decision.
There is literally no reason children should be injected with the MRNA shot. There are millions of us who will fight and oppose any push from the FDA or any government entity that move in this unnecessary direction. The risk of long term and short term side effects outweigh any benefit. We will not forgot those who endanger our children. 
Should children be vaccinated? No. Let our herd immunity protect the herd, give their immune systems an opportunity to develop natural resistance, and give the next generation a chance to be free yet another forced vaccine. 
The criminal intent of your actions against the Australian people and children is beyond evil. The lies and deception the cover ups and organized genocide is not going unnoticed. Majority of parents will tell you this over our dead bodies are you coming near our children. I can't wait for Nuremberg 2.0 you're all going to hang.
The least susceptible people to the virus do not need to receive a vaccine for it which can cause injury at a higher rate than the virus itself. 
Don't experiment on our children. They are NOT Guinea pigs.
I would like to submit to my senators that vaccines in children should be a choice that parents have the right to exercise discretion, discernment, and responsibility. However, more importantly is allowing our kids the availability to be educated and not using the school system as an incentive to get people to vaccinate.
There are too many adverse reactions to the vaccines. And there aren’t many children dying from covid. Therefore there should be no reason to mandate the vaccine. It could do way more harm than good. 
I am against giving this so called vaccine to children. This so called vaccine should not be mandated for anyone. This so called vaccine has harmed too many people and should be put to an end immediately. 
The children are not the problem. The problem is that the pharmaceutical company and parties that benefit from this pandemic are the problem. Forcing an experimental drug on a child is wrong. This should be a choice 100%. 
There is no scientific evidence or data to support mandating a vaccination on children in this age group. Thus decision should be left to parents, nit governent. 
Absolutely, under NO circumstances, should children or ANYONE be vaxed!
You should not pass any law mandating children take the vaccinations. Science has proven children only have a very slim chance of getting COVID, and the side effects can be detrimental to their heart or overall health. 
The science show young children are at risk for covid 19 and the vaccine has more potential for harm than good. Please stop this madness, children under 12 do not need a mandatory covid 19 vaccine.Thank you for your time.
This should be a decision the parents make. NOT the government! OVERREACH!!
The Covid vaccine should be a freedom of choice for adults and children, no one should be forced or mandated to take it or any other vaccines if they choose not to. 
Vaccine mandates and passports should not be mandated. No vaccine mandates no masks! We will not comply
Mandating anybody is truly communistic. I can’t believe this is what our country is turning into. Especially a child. No long turn studies! I will fight this until the end. The fda and this administration should be ashamed of themselves 
Do not proceed with the lies of covid19 gene therapy. When you do this you violate natural laws. These natural laws support life violating such laws have a consequence. The Judgment of your lies.
Please keep the covid vaccine out of our children. We do not know the fertility effects and there are so many risks involving blood clots and inflammation. Please do not do this to our children. This is a right of each citizen to decide for themselves, not to have the government get involved. These innocent children deserve better protection than to be subjected to this risky shot. 
Please do not approve this (non) vaccine for the children. They are such a low risk and if healthy rebound from illnesses really well. We have seen enough. Leave the children alone. 
It is beyond appalling the FDA would even consider approving this genocidal shot for children. We the people know the agenda. You will be held accountable. Do not approve!! 
99.9973% survival rate from covid 19. Follow the science. Vaccines will cause death and /or injury. The risk outweighs the benefit! Unless the desire is to kill or permanently disable our children. Leave the kids alone!
Please reconsider all vaccines for covid 19 especially for children. The risk for my grandsons is too great. Please consider all treatments that have been used for treating covid 19 and have a heart!
Please do not force the Covid vaccine on our children. There has not been little to no testing to see the lasting effects of this shots. Please let the each child's parents decide. The federal government should not be mandating experimental vaccines on our children 
When a virus has a 99.998% survival rate among children… it’s a crime to inject into their bodies an experimental shot that has many sides effects and has not been proven effective! If you go ahead and do it, you will be hold as a criminal against humanity and you will be punished!Keep our children out of your agendas and politics! 
How do we know the covid shot won’t have serious long term side effects? Is experimenting on children a smart move considering the virus is not a threat to their health? Do not be reckless in gambling our future. Stop this madness! 
I am opposed to the use of this vaccine on children whose systems are not only capable of managing the illness with little to no long term affects but whose also at a higher risk of injury. Research already shows the benefits of natural immunity and this is best for the majority of children. 
We don’t know enough about the long term effects of this vaccine on children. Allow parents to have informed consent by making the Covid vaccine optional for children and not mandatory, especially since children aren’t as severely affected by Covid 19 as adults are
Children do not need to take the Covid-19 shots! They are not at any risk for Covid and there are possibilities of side effects from the shots, even death. Long range studies haven’t been done! I seriously urge you to stop this idea of vaccination for children immediately. Thank you.
There is an abundance of data already that says we should stop this vaccination program right now ! Vaccination of children would be a grave error.
Vaccines should not be given children or adults till they are proven to work and not harmful to humans period. There are people dieing and being harmed by these vaccines. God is watching. People that have had covid have natural immunity and that is a fact
Children should not be getting this vaccine. They should not be an experiment. The side effects are significant and their risk with covid illness is very low. 
It is too early to target children for the vaccine. They are the least impacted by COVID and data in UK and Europe suggests the vaccine risks outweigh the benefits for this group. 
This cannot happen. There are too many adverse effects from these vaccines. Let the kids be kids and develop their own immune systems the way God intended. Do the right thing. Start publishing correct data about these shots...how they are full of toxins, cause a wide range of side effects and reactions and death. Why do you want to subject innocent children to this? Do the right thing!!!
Please do not allow kids to get vaccinated. There is absolutely no need for it.
I do not agree with this covid-19 vaccine mandate for children. 
This is not ok! No long term studies have been done. People have rights and children should not be forced to be injected especially with no knowledge of what will happen to them in the future.
Please do not give approval to this vaccination to children. It makes absolutely no sense. The vaccine does not stop you getting it or transmitting it only reduce illness. Children have little to no illness from Covid at all. Protect our children and leave them alone. No gene therapy in children.
Covid vaccine shouldn't be required /mandated for children. There is not enough info yet, and already too many adverse reactions from adults. Plus- no evidence that the vaccine slows the spread of the virus. There is evidence though that the vaccine helps the virus mutate to become more contagious. 
My children have all have COVID and they recovered just fine. I have a son with Autism and I passionately believe children should not receive medication unless it's completely necessary for their own health. We cannot be sure of the long term effects and the risk simply isn't worth it. This vaccine needs to be studied long term before it's considered for children.
Children under age 12 are still forming major body parts. Please do not approve giving this questionable drug to them until more results are in! Thank you.
There is absolutely no valid reason to force a vaccine on humanity for a virus that has a 99.97% survival rate and 99.99% survival rate in children. Pushing this through would be a disgrace again humanity and is a monstrous display of power and control that will undoubtedly crush any sense of freedom, liberation and autonomy .... including with those who put this into implementation. 
The Covid Vaccine should not be mandated for anyone. It should be a choice since there are risks associated with it. A man (personally known to me) whose neighbor was dead after 24 hours after the vaccine. Another man I personally know now has a weakened heart mycarditis after having the shot. I can not imagine why we would want to risk this with children. Please no mandates. 
nothing is actually tested. there’s no studies or information on this stupid fuckin covid china virus. fuck you big pharma 
— I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of the adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies. 
Please, do what's right and not what lines your pockets &/or makes you feel "good".
Kids or anyone should not be mandated to take the covid vaccine. We live in a free country and have the right to say no!! The long term affects are still not determined. What you want to do to us and our children is awful!!
I do not feel like the vaccine is needed for this young of children let alone the rest of the puplic. It has has had some really scary side effects and I can't even imagine what it could do to children so little. This is not a wise choice. 
Please don't force healthcare treatments on people! We deserve to make our own choices concerning our health and treatment options. 
Nope, not okay with a vaccine being forced down parents or kids throats. Us parents will NOT stand for this or comply. This is medical tyranny. The answer is NO
This is unacceptable and needs to be tested much more before use on children. Vaccines are being halted in other countries in young adults under 25 because of the high number of adverse effects and risks it causes. And here we want to push it on children. Completely and utterly absurd.
Unconscionable to think y’all are even considering this. Leave our children alone. 
Please don’t approve this vaccine for emergency use for the children. There is not enough information about side effects. Covid doesn’t seem to effect the children as bad as it does adults. I am against giving this to children.Thank you!
There is no emergency for children with this disease, and so no EUA justification. If this is approved for kids, it will shred any ounce of credibility the FDA has left, and if required for school, people will pull their kids and it will bring us closer to war than we already are.
Children 5-12 do not need the Covid vaccine. Please stop the mandate. 
I am opposed to the FDA approving the Covid vaccine for children ages 5-12. There are not enough trials run on this to prove its safety. Children have a 99% chance of survival from Covid. To me, the risks of this vaccine are much higher than the benefit to vaccinating our children with this very new Covid vaccine.
My child - my choice the government has not right telling me how to raise my child. Absolutely not
Absolutely NO to vaccinating CHILDREN! They are not guinea pigs to Dr Fauci and the agenda . Follow the REAL SCIENCE.
It is unnecessary to require a vaccine for a disease that has approximately a 98% recovery rate, and for a disease that kills fewer children than pneumonia. Let's not go there. Kids already have to have so many vaccines. It is foolish to add to that number, esp for a disease which children are not vulnerable to, do not get severe symptoms from, and do not die from. 
It is insane to try and mandate any vaccine on anyone let alone children. Do not let this atrocity happen. Leave choice to the American people and to the parents. They know their children best and what is best to keep them safe and healthy. 
Please do not vaccinate children between 5 and 11. I am not anti vaccines- I just do think this is necessary. 
Burn Nazi scum. No Vax Mandates you tyrants! I am not going along with the transhumanism agenda! You sick bastards!
If you mandate this, parents better be able to sue you, the pharmaceutical companies and any other parties! This should be a no vote. 
Please consider this vaccines for children that are poisonous. This will kill them.Maria.
Our children do not need a Covid vaccine. Their parents can decide what is best for them. Only .0007 fatalities have been reported of kids under 18. The vaccine will harm any more than that stop the vaccine mandate for children please.
Our body , our choice . No Mandates on medical procedures for ourselves and our children 
If you're following the science, not the $$$, this makes zero sense. Doesn't stop the spread, doesn't prevent it, and kids are the least at risk population on the planet....Follow the science, not the $$. 
No need for these shots for children ,. stop firing the fuel of fear ,. Children are not in harms way from this virus,. and the shots are VERY experimental
Children do not need the vaccine. Already, vaccines have harmed young males and caused myocarditis. In addition, there have been blood clots in kids 12 - 18. Children have a 99% rate of getting well. We DO NOT NEED vaccines. This experimental shot has not been FDA approved. Stop the madness!
Our kids are not your lab rats. We will take them out of school before giving then this injection. 
Children this young are at such a low risk. There is no reason to mandate something that we don't know the long term side effects of them having. 
Please do not mandate any vaccines for our children. As a parent and a nurse who is not anti vaccine, I have the right to decide what medical decisions are made for my kids. Please allow parents to decide.
There is no reason to be mandating vaccines for a sickness that has an incredible recovery rate in children and adolescents. Please take into account that most children get the flu / virus’s many times and have excellent recovery rates. Say NO to trialing drugs and vaccines on our children .
I adamantly object to, and do not support mandatory covid vaccines for children. There is no scientific evidence of severe illness in children significant enough to make it mandatory for anyone under age 18. It is not perfectly safe, comma it has more risk for children then benefit.
As you aware science needs to be backed up by data. Government and Fauci wife who works for FDA have yet to show the proof- data. Without it, this should not be approved period. It’ll only make you all murders inMy opinion 
Stop the forcing of covid vaccinations on young children, they are too young to decide on their own, and so far medical statistics show that the risks far out way the benefits for this age group. Thank , Mr. Matheson
Please reconsider, there is too much unknown & too many injuries especially in young males. Kids are not affected by Covid as severe as adults, most are asymptomatic. The vaccine for children is unnecessary and medically negligent 
I am a pediatric physician. There is absolutely NO reason to vaccinate children. The risk of serious illness and/or death from this virus is so very low…it does not support this novel, unproven vaccine for children. Children are not spreading it…and there is no data to support vaccination prevents spread anyway. Stop the madness, say no. Get back to science. 
I am against vaccination for children. This vaccine has a lot of side effects. My friend passed away in few days after vaccination. She could not get exemption from your doctor, even she was severely immunocompromised due to cancer. She was on remission for two years. Please atop this genocide for children. Children have 100 survival rate.
Why do u want to kill the children. Steal, kill, and destroy is your mission. It won't happen to my kids. I pray no one else's children either. Can't wait u will face Jesus the same as everyone. Good luck with that and the eternal jab after that.
I am firmly against mandated vaccinations on adults and children. Why don’t you do research on COVID survivors? This experiment must end.
I am 100% against the fact to inject any kind of vaccine in my children’s body 
Myself, my husband and my offspring all have vaccine injuries and are allergic to the ingredients used in vaccines. All humans have the choice to choose if they want something on or in their body. 
Until real data has been analyzed requiring young children to get the vaccine is dangerous! Vote against the vaccine mandate!
Please DO NOT require children to require this so called Covid vaccine. The risks of them dying from Covid is slim to none but this vaccine will be deadly!! 
The fda already approving these useless vaccines has showed me that this organization is corrupt to the core. I know multiple people who have developed clots after these vaccines, these injuries are NOT rare. This is crimes against humanity. My family and I will never comply.
I do not support vaccine mandates for minors or any individuals
I do NOT agree with these vaccine mandates for children or adults. 
Our young innocent children DO NOT need to be injected with a substance that has NOT BEEN RESEARCHED LONG ENOUGH, and has caused many that you won’t hear on main stream media , to be harmed or caused death. Children are resilient and covid also has a 99% survival rate. Stop harming our children for the sake of the almighty dollar!
Don’t poison the children who have now choiceDon’t mandate anything. No one has the right to force anything into anyone’s body. What are the long term side affects to a child’s development?? Exactly
There appears to be far more risk to children from this rushed vaccine than from COVID itself. Please do not approve this vaccine, our children's futures are at stake! There is no state of emergency for children— the death rate for children is something like 0.0007%!!! Please, give the research more time, there is NO emergency! 
Do not give these experimental drugs to our innocent children! They are the future..
The data is clear. This virus is far LESS of a concern for children than the vaccine itself. Please, we implore you to not approve this vaccine for children. 
A fake pandemic, a fake vaccine. But real deaths/medical issues spawning from the fake vaccine. You will have blood on your hands.
Stop the illegal mandates, protect our kids from medical tyranny. 
Please follow the science!It is extremely rare for a child to contract the virus and even more rare that they die from it. More damage is done with the jab than from the virus.
You better not inject our children against our Parental permission! Don’t even think about it! Do you think things are bad now? Wait until all of the parents rise up and believe me it will happen.
Please do not approve any covid19 vaccines for anyone but especially anyone under 18 and young adults. the risk to benefit has not been proven and there needs to be research done on natural immuneity levels before injecting them with out long term multiple YEARS of long term side effects in general and specifically effects on reproductive health.
Please do not use our children in this massive experiment. Please. Children recover from COVID-19. There is no need for them to be vaccinated against a virus that they will recover from. It doesn't make sense. Please do not use our children in this experiment. 
As Americans we have medical freedoms that should be honored.
Stop this insanity. Young, Healthy kids are not in a group who should be getting vaccine. They are not lab rats! Leave our kids alone. This is parent’s choice to vaccinate their kids or not. 
Please do not make this vaccine mandatory for our children. I swear to God if more 25 children are injured or dead after receiving this vaccine... God helps us all!!! What magical testing has been done in the last few months that made this okay for our children that wasn't 3 months ago??? 
You will not Vaccinate our Children .This is absolutely Tyranny!!!!Let’s Go Brandin !!!
This absolutely does not need to be allowed to happen. Millions of Americans have little to no faith left in our government institutions. If you approve this, you further solidify the corruption and greed that has perverted every aspect of our governmental organizations. 
Stop this vaccination mandate on ALL ages but especially on (our) children who will not spread nor die from this illness. 16,000 + have died from this experimentation. I DO NOT want my/our precious children to add to the statistics. Stop this MANDATE now!
Please do not even consider making these vaccines mandatory for children. We still do not know the longer term risks of the vaccines and children have very little risk from covid.
I would like more information as to why when we now have treatments and more understanding we are being forced to have something that has no background yet 
Let us develop naturalImmunity like science designed our bodies to do. Focus and lowering Diabetes, heart disease and childhood obesity rates 
There is zero reason, other tan making pharma rich, to give children this unproven vax with NO LONG TERM SAFETY STUDIES to children who are largely unaffected and have a 99.99815% rate of recovery from Covid IF they even get it in the first place! Please stop the madness!!!!!!!!!!!
I am adamantly opposed to a mandate to vaccinate children. This should be a parental decision. The vaccine has not been adequately tested. Covid 19 is not lethal for children except in rare cases. Do not require this.Laurie AkehurstTacoma, Wa
I am vehemently opposed to this drive to vaccinate every last living being on the planet, ESPECIALLY the children. We have already seen numerous cases of myocarditis in young people over the age of 12 that have received this injection as well as a number of deaths. There is zero risk in the 5-11 age group of dying from Covid. Why are we doing this? It is insanity and must be stopped.
I am 110% against a child receiving this vaccine! It has not been around long enough to fully know and understand the possible short and long term effects. Until we can be sure, they should the test dummies for what could happen. Any child harmed by the possible side effects is one too many. 
DO NOT MANDATE CHILDREN TO RECEIVE THE VACCINE!!! 
This is a warning from our Creator in the Mighty name of Yahushua HaMashiach. He has warned that these vaccines are "biochemical weapons" and people taking them are "prisoners of use and abuse". Deciding to put these in children will result in dior consequences!!! Do not vaccinate the children!!!
I am emphatically and enthusiastically AGAINST zany further mandatory vaccines for babies and young children. 
I think it is highly irresponsible to force these virtually untested vaccinations on people, let alone children 5-11. Your role as government is to serve the people and not big pharma and their continual need for profits. It is not yet known the long term effects and this echoes the Tuskegee Experiment.
As a parent of young children who are healthy and thriving please don’t add another vaccination to their body. Covid 19 has shown to effect children very mildly if at all. The vaccine needs more clinical trials and more studies before it’s forced upon our children. Let the parents decide what is best for our children. 
I implore you to please not approve the COVID vaccine for children. Follow the real science, they do not need it with a 99.97 % recovery rate. It’s gotten too far. Have a heart and keep our children safe from this poison.
This is out of control!!!! I do not agree with this! It’s my choice snd my child! 
I believe that we should not be using an unproven, experimental vaccine on our children who are at a very low risk from the Wuhan China virus.
Please do not support this unwarranted health mandate
There is no excuse to push this non vaccine toxin that is killing people other than to turn citizens into mindless servants. You should be pushing the substances that boost the immune system. Vit D3 vit c zinc quercetin etc
Do not mandate this vaccine for children this should be a parents choice for THEIR KID. The mortality rate for kids is 0.0007 that’s not a high enough mortality rate for this to be authorized. We live in America we are free to make our own choices nothing should be forced on us or our children.
Absolutely horrific to force a medical treatment on ANYONE that has not been vigorously tested. There is no way to prove this is safe. Do not harm our children.
We are not ok with these vaccine mandates especially for children. 
I am a retired school teacher who has taught thousands of children in my career and the proud Mimi of 10 grandchildren. I definitely say NO to killing children with your illegal, unapproved jab! NO NO NO
I am against young children, teenagers and young adults on getting the Covid-19 vaccine. 
Do not mass vaccinate our children. Look at the statistics for Delaware Co Ohio. Large percentage of people vaccinated and also a large percentage of Covid cases. The vaccine is not working.
This is a travesty. Our children do NOT need gene therapy. Leave our children alone. All of you know exactly what is going on and so do WE THE PEOPLE. From big tech to health officials and the stench of greed and power. This shall not pass.
This mandate is unconstitutional. Parents make decisions for our children. This isn’t one size fits all. There are no long term studies and we have no idea the long term implications of this experimental vaccine. Please hear our pleas. No more mandates. 
Please do not authorize the vaccine for children aged five to eleven. The long-term effects are unknown. You may be condemning a whole generation to chronic illness and/or early death. Children are the least likely to become seriously ill from SARS-CoV-2. The vaccine is quite possibly more harmful. Listen to the voice inside of you and do what is right.
The risk benefit analysis for kids doesn't make sense for a mandate. This is obvious. History will be unkind to this type of blatant overreach. It's not too late to pause the train and become a champion for individual sovereignty.
As a parent of a small child, I don't believe anyone should tell me to that my child should be vaccinated!! Especially for a political agenda!!! There has not been enough studies on the C-19 Vax to force parents to vaccinate our children. 
I am strongly against approving covid vaccines for children. The available data shows that covid 19 poses almost no risk to children. The safety trials are still not complete on the vaccines. There is no urgent need to use the vaccination on children when the risks from the vaccine may prove greater than the miniscule risk they face from covid. 
Please don't force even the children to get this vaccine! Young children have a much easier time at recovering from Civid19. Dont inoculate with an experimental vaccine that has shown so many deaths or lasting impairment on so many. Don't take the chance of killing or maiming more people of all ages.
Children should NOT be required to take an untested, experimental vaccine. There are no studies of long term effects and their health and safety should be of the utmost top priority because their lives are precious. 
As a primary care physician with many pediatric patients, I am writing to express my opposition to covid vaccines for children ages 5-11. The data is clear the risk of the vaccines far outweighs the risk of covid for this age group. Since the covid vaccine has not been shown to prevent transmission there is no reason to administer this to children
Parents should have the right to make medical decisions for our children not the Government or FDA!!
FDA - what are you thinking?!?! This is MADNESS! Children do NOT need to be 'vaccinated' for a 'virus' that has no statistical impact on them! This doe NOT protect their family or others. The risk to children from the 'vaccine' is far, far greater than any perceived benefit. Let them develop natural immunity.
stop.......they are no threat .stop pushing this vaccine i had many problems from taking it myself,why would you push parents to have their children vaccinated with a vaccine which has proven to be defective and quite harmful..im so upset over this..
Please do not require Covid vaccines for children 5-11. They have very low risk from Covid & a very high unknown risks to this experimental vaccine on their future health.
Please do not let politics and money outweigh protecting our children. They are not impacted by Covid and they do not need a vaccine that could do more harm than good. 
DO NOT authorize the vax for young children! Their bodies are just developing and we have not had time to study the long term effects of this new gene therapy!
In 3.10 report states that no severe covid occurred in vaccinated or placebo group. Children are at low risk to die from this. Why on earth would we inject these young kids with this product that had been proven to lose efficacy overtime. Let their immune system fight naturally please. 
You MUST stop the mandates for vaccinating children!! They are not in danger!! Experimental drugs should NEVER be used on our kids. PLEASE STOP!!
Please don’t Mandate the vaccine for our children! Let us as parents decide what is best! 
Do not approve an experimental vaccine for children for covid. The risk is too high especially when the survival rate is over 99% and when covid is treatable with approved effective medication. 
Mandating a vaccine to be taken by anyone is absolutely wrong. Everyone should be able to choose what goes into their body especially when it's an experimental drug. Also, these are children and the parents gave the right to decide what is best for their own child. Some children already suffer from prior vaccines given and more harm could come to them if given another vaccine. 
I belive this should not be a thing til minimum of 3 years of good trials and data You should not put kids life's in danger when the rate is below .003 percent fatality rate in children the risk out weighs this by all means.
Covid-19 vaccine shouldn’t be mandated for children. There is not enough scientific data for long term impact neither for short term. Also, there is no benefit from it since they still can get sick and spread it. 
Mandates and communism go hand in hand. Keep America free and our kids safe. Parents will pull their kids from public school so fast if the Covid shot is mandated. We will not comply. Period. Our kids are our future and we will not co parent with the government. God wins. You will not. 
To whom may concern...Please do not approve any vaccines for humans under 21 years of age, there is no evidence that proves vaccines work for anyone to date most keep getting sick that are and getting others sick with them, please do under others that you would like them to you. Vengeance is mine says the Lord
I believe that mandating vaccination is both counterproductive and contravening the Nuremberg Code.
Please do not give this experimental injection to the 5-11 age group. There has not been enough time to know the long term effects on their hearts and reproductive system. They have not been shown to be at a risk for dying and to mandate this would be a crime against humanity!
-Children are not getting severely sick from COVID -mRNA technology is brand new and doesn’t have enough research
No children should be given an experimental vaccine that kills.period. 
Please wait for more testing to be done before authorizing this vaccine for these young children. There have been too many complications that could do serious harm to their small bodies. They have a very small risk of getting Covid and having adverse effects. 
Strongly oppose a vaccine being approved for this age group. Kids in this age group are almost at zero risk of serious complications from this virus. This is a complete overreach without knowing the long term side effects that may be detrimental to children’s health now and in the future. 
Please don’t force this experimental serum on our children or anyone for that matter. How can children give informed consent when adults including doctors have no idea the long term effects for most especially the young who are so vulnerable. Many docs believe it is less dangerous for kids to contact virus than to receive the jab.
I totally oppose mandating vaccines for our children. Where’s the science to support this. How many children truly die from Covid. Very very low percentage. 
There should NOT be a covid vaccine mandate for any age!!! Much less children 5-12 yr of age! Remember our constitutional rights. No vaccine mandate!!!
Requiring children to take an experimental mRNA vaccine is absolutely evil and should NOT be allowed to proceed. How do you people sleep at night? YOU WILLBE JUDGED BY GOD.
We the People demand that you stop the mandate for schools on children. We know children are not at risk for this disease, we will NOT risk their lives on this!!! Save our children. Stop these mandates on schools!!!
First do no harm! The wisest protocol starts with the least invasive treatment and proceeds to the most only in dire circumstances. This is not, by CDC standards posted, a pandemic. Not by the number of excess deaths. Stop this madness now!
If vaccines are safe and effective, why are we being mandated to have them? Healthy diets are good for our health, why are they not mandated?
The COVID-19 vaccine should NOT be mandated in children. This vaccine has not been out long enough to know any long term side effects that may negative impact individuals. In no way should this vaccine be mandated! 
I would like the FDA to review and present risk/ reward analysis for this age group 5-12. The harm that has already been done to our children by these mandates is criminal and absurd; these have effected the children's mental health far more than covid. 
I find it unconscionable to even consider approving a vaccine for children to combat an illness, covid-19, which poses almost no threat to children. As you know more children die each year from the flu than have died from covid-19. Please do not approve this vaccine for children.
I oppose the Amendment to the EUA for administration to 5-11 years of age. 
Please do not approve the covid-19 "vaccine" for children ages 5 - 11. 
Stop any mandates on vaccines for children, they are not at risk. It is an unproven and dangerous shot and it should be up to the parents. 
We do not want vaccine mandates!! We should be in charge of what goes into our own bodies! There are NO studies of long term side effects for the vaccine. And people are having heart damage because of the vaccine. You need to honor medical freedom! It is my body and my choice!!
Children do not need a covid vaccine. The number of deaths by covid vaccine reactions in no way support the vaccine requirement for Cildten. No, and never.
Please stop mandates. Especially on our children. No one knows the long termeffyof this vaccine. 
Parents should have the freedom to decide if they want their children vaccinated against COVID-19. 
Children 5-11 do not get sick with Covid-19 and do NOT need an experimental shot. Stop this madness!
Please vote to oppose the vaccine mandate as it is statistically not necessary for children . Thank you. 
I am opposed to children being given the Covid vaccine. As a parent I want to make the choices in the best interest of my child’s health, not the government. I hope you will stand up for Americans to make their own health decisions and oppose this horrific act.
I am not ok with giving this to my children! It’s crazy to do this with very little research 
Please DO NOT APPROVE the vaccine for children. They are not a risk, they do not have any additional advantages to having the vaccine. The vaccine is the blight. It is more harmful than the virus. natural immunity is best. 
Stop the madness! Children do not need to get the jab. They have a 99.9% survival rate. You cannot vcxx out of the manmade virus. Natural immunity must take it's course. Protect the elderly and weak. This is how nature must play out. You vaxx the children you are pouring wrath upon you of innocent blood. 
The people don’t want experimental vaccines for our children !! This cannot be mandated !!!
I am absolutely 100 % opposed to any vaccine for children 5-11 for covid. Long term effects are totally unknown and you are aboslutely wreckless and immoral to even suggest such an act when this age group is at extremely low risk for covid as it is. For once, put people above profits!!!!
One day we will all stand in judgement before the true and living God. Every thought, motive, and deed will be exposed. There will be no deceit. This meeting is mandatory. You will attend. 
The Covid shot is not as safe as you want people to think it is. Children are not at risk of Covid. They don’t need a vaccine. They need natural immunity. There bodies are still growing and have enough vaccines as it is. 
Not vaccinating our kids. We should have the freedom to choose. These are our kids.
Based on the facts that children are the LEAST severe cases of this already 99% recoverable illness, the facts that this gene therapy is still experimental, and the facts that being naturally immune is better and safer than having an experimental gene therapy, vote NO on this ridiculous idea that the government has ANY say on what goes into MY child’s body. 
Keep your genetic poison away from ALL people not just children
What a shame the FDA is stooping so low that they would consider any treatment for a disease which has less than 1% mortality. This clearly has financial implications only as no one in their right mind would approve this worthless treatment.
Although the mass population have been forced to feel the devastating effects of the current narrative, It is inconceivable that our innocent youth are now the target. Please protect the children. Do Not Move to Mandate Gene Mutating injections for our children. (Ages 5-11yrs)
People should have free will on what goes on with their bodies. Making this vaccine mandatory should be illegal. Especially if the pharmaceutical company cannot be held responsible responsible, even if it's proven that the vaccine was the cause.
Please do not approve the emergency use of the covid vaccines for children 5-11 years old. These same children have a 99.8% recovery rate from a covid-19 illness. Also, there have been too many deaths and injuries caused by this covid vaccine in the 12-17 age group. More studies need done prior to offering this vaccination to our precious children!Thank youT Harker
This is disgusting. You know Children are more likely to have side effects from the vaccine than to have any complications from covid. This vaccine is dangerous and should not be forced on anyone. Mrna is experimental. We all should have a choice 
My children do not need to be vaccinated against something with a 99% survival rate. A study with 16 children does not make this “safe”. What are the long term affects? How long was the study? Do better instead of forcing vaccines on children to hit your numbers. 
Do not mandate that my family take a COVID vaccination. We will not follow such a mandate. The government is losing all credibility over this issue.
Please don’t experiment with the nations children. Do not approve the use of the Covid 19 shot for young children.
The fact you are putting out this vaccine while there were other forms of cures (like HCQ, Ivermectin, MSM, etc) for an illness with a survival rate of 98% makes what you are doing illegal. It is a proven fact this "vaccine", which changes Mrna, causes death and injury, including Myocarditis in boys. Cease pushing this poison on our children.
Our family is against vaccination mandates. We do not trust the current vaccines effectivaccy and do not want forced vaccinations. 
Giving children a medication that does not have any long term data on sterility, malignancies, autoimmune catastrophes, and life expectancy is reckless, negligent at best and genocidal at worst. This is either a grave error or the wickedest thing done to humanity on this great a scale. 
I fervently oppose, object to and refuse this support this corrupt action taken towards all children. None of these experimental drugs are FDA approved vaccines. American’s are continually lied to and deceived. I do not parent with the government. My child, is mine to protect. We will not support this, nor will we comply. 
Kids don’t need this vaccine especially the ones who already had Covid 
I believe vaccinating children against Covid 19 is excessive because of the miniscule percentage of deaths in that age group. We don't know what is in the vaccine pertaining to reproductive properties, complications or hardly anything else. This is simply a money grab from Big Pharma. 
Under no circumstances should children be given an experimental vaccine that is under EUA! Our kids are not your test subjects! No, to these child vaccinations!
I do not think it the Governments responsibility to mandate a newly created vaccine for any person. I will not be receiving one nor will my children. A newly developed vaccine should be taken by choice only. 
I will not give my children the vaccine. They can fight this off and their immunity is good. It should be a choice not mandated. We live on America 
It is obvious that you have an agenda other than health of our young children. The more you push your agenda, they more people fight back and resistance will grow more and more. Thus please mandate the Covid vaccine at birth. This way you will lose the trust of people more and more. A lot more people are awake now!! A lot of people who got this vaccine, regret it now!!
Please leave our children out of the politics of Covid. The younger of our population are not dying from Covid in numbers that would warrant every child 11 and younger to get this vaccine.
This vaccine is NOT safe for our children. Do NOT mandate this. Many children already have immunity due to having the illness. Most children get mildly sick if sick at all. This is irresponsible. You DO NOT own our children.
Please do not approve these experimental gene therapy shots for children. The risk for children catching covid 19 is nil but according to the escalating adverse events reports on VAERS the risks from the shots are extensive. 
As Public Health Nurse or 38 years, there is NOOOOOOO rational for any child to be vaccinated. Ivermecin and HCQ, easy fixes, plus kids are close to 100% immune to this fake "virus." Show the world the actual CV19, genome, the actual cv virus.
Bible proverbs 8-12 Wisdom and Common Sense...You can not do this to my children !!!
There's no good reason to use experimental drugs on healthy children.
Drugs should be given upon individual free will and not forced in any way at any situation
I strongly oppose any vaccine mandate for children five through 12 years old. It is un re-searched and the safety is unverified. 
There are cures for Covid19. Ivermectin and HCQ. Children have very mild symptoms of Covid and the survival rate is 99.7. The vaccines do more harm than covid.
This is not about health, this is not a disease that endangers children to the point that the risks outweigh the benefits of giving a "vaccination" for children, or adults for that matter. Not one word about how to be healthier, how to have less co-morbidities, how to have a better responsive immune system. This is unconstitutional tyranny plain and simple.
We can not Covid vaccinate our children, no mandates, leave people alone!
Please do not expand the Pfizer EUA to children. It is not necessary. It puts kids at risk for harmful side effects. It is a waste of resources. It is not a good idea!! Please do the right thing and keep our kids healthy and free from harmful side effects of the COVID injection.
Absolutely NO! The long term effects are UNKNOWN. There are so many side effects already for adults. NO ONE knows the long term effects down the road. 
This experimental gene therapy should not be authorized for use on young children. It is not approved and research shows it effects fertility in addition to causing autoimmune disease. Graphene oxide is one ingredient that cannot be detoxes from the body. This is against the hippocratic oath and the Nuremberg Code. 
We live in America-a free country. Nothing about mandating vaccinations is free. Forced injection is not free. I am opposed to mandating the COVID vaccine for children and believe that every American citizen should have the right to choose for themselves what is best for their family. 
No, vaccinating children is, at best, risky and, at worst, dangerous. Known side effects are evident and unknown side effects could be devastating. Mandatory vaccination for children is irresponsible and dangerous. No vaccinations for children, period. 
Mandates/requirements/approvals for vaccination for covid-19 for age group 5-12 are irresponsible considering we don’t have phase 3 studies and do not know epigenitic effects of these vaccines for a population that is minimally affected by covid-19 itself
Please do not encourage or approve the use of the Covid 19 vaccine by the FDA for children 5-11 years old. I have witnessed several family members have severe side effects/death from this Covid 19 vaccine. I have also been watching the VAERS reporting system and see so many side effects which the media refuses to comment or talk about. Please please don’t allow children to be killed or injured. 
Way would you risk the health of children when this virus doesn’t affect them? More people have died from the vax than the disease. Please do not allow America’s children to be used as lab rats. More testing needs to be done. 
The Government should not force parents to give vaccines to our children. It should be my choice to decide what is good for my children's health. I don't feel that the vaccine is safe or helpful. Young healthy students are the least affected by COVID. We must be free to decide what is best for our children! 
I am writing to ask that you leave vaccine choice to individuals and to parents. Do not mandate Covid Vaccines for children 5-11. This choice should be given to the parents because the family is the basis for society, not the government. Thank you!
In the past, vaccines were tested for YEARS before distributing them to the masses. Testing them on volunteers first, then adjusting over time. Children should NEVER be given a vaccine this new.!!
This is a bio weapon and the biggest crime against humanity this world has ever witnessed. For this to be given to OUR children against the parents rights is wrong. This virus is survivable to adults and even less invasive or harmful to children. This is strictly about money and power. My God have mercy on your souls for allowing this corrupt act against OUR children. 
This is satanic that government would take leaky vaccines that do not stop the contraction or transmission of COVID and inject kids when there are no long term safety studies. This is against the Nuremberg Code and could not only kill, but do massive harm to kids. It is time for this craziness to stop. This is not science. It is evil being perpetrated by out of control government.
Do not approve this vaccine. People are doing everyday from this. Do the right thing and end the tyrannical mandates now.
I am 100% against the vaccine mandates, and this includes the new push for children ages 5-12.
We the people demand you cease and desist with your medical tyranny and thinking you can tell the sovereign people of the United States what to do. We, as individuals, get to decide what we choose to put in our body and our children’s bodies; the government (established and given its limited power by we then people) will NOT. 
This is against our Freedom and Rights in the Canadian Charter. You should not be mandating it for kids at all. oh 
I highly disagree with this. The risk to children does not justify the need for EUA. Additionally, concerned adults have the option to receive any of the vaccines in the vast majority of cases.
Per the CDC, hospitalization rates in children are significantly lower than hospitalization rates in adults with COVID-19, suggesting that children may have less severe illness from COVID-19 compared to adults. This vaccine has not been tested for long-term effects. Due to this, the vaccines should NOT be mandated for children or youth.
No vaccinating children with this product. The risk to benefit ratio clearly shows NO, do not do this. 
Do not vaccinate our children with your unproven, lethal covid vaccines. They are not proven safe or effective. They cause blood clots, bells palsey and heart complications. They have harmed countless adults and teenagers already. Leave the children alone!
Please, please do not approve the jab for kids 5-11 years old. There is not any data that this experimental drug is safe for human beings, let alone children. Covid is not a threat to children. How will you feel when kids 5 years old start having blood clots, heart problems, neurological problems, or worse? You have the power to stop this!
I am strongly against Pfizer-BioTech's EUA for administration of their COVID-19 mRNA injection to children 5-11 years old. Please do not authorize this, I beg you! There is .0007% fatality rate across all childrens in America under 18 years of age and there is absolutely no grounds for emergency use of this injection authorized for children!
This mandate goes against the Nuremberg Code, the Declaration of Geneva, and the United States Constitution. Marbury vs Madison states that any law (or illegal mandate) that is repugnant to the constitution is null and void. 
Vaccines should never be mandated. As American's and free citizens of this nation, we have autonomous control of our bodies and our children's bodies. Any medical intervention should be an individual choice. Based on research vaccines should NEVER even be recommended for children under 11, nor for pregnant women..
Children should not be mandated to receive this vaccine. It has not been tested long enough to show long term side effects and the recovery rate does not justify this. Please search your heart and conscience and do the right thing. 
Why are these vaccines being pushed on our children when the majority of us have had covid and gotten better? I don't see this as an "emergency" when the survival rate according to the CDC is 99.7% and doesn't target kids. Are school districts liable for damage when my child takes the vaccine and suffers a heart problem and or God forbid dies? 
Please stop Covid vaccine/ mandates for children!! We do not want them nor do we need them. Our children will not be used for an experiment!!!
Please do not make our children be the guinea pigs of this “vaccine.” Their natural immunity is far better than fake immunity. I am against the approval of the EUA covid vaccine. Children have a 99% survival rate. We do not the long term affects this poison will have. 
Stop the mandate! This is madness and everything America stands for. 
My wife and I are appalled that the government would MANDATE vaccines for children. PLEASE FOLLOW THE SCIENCE! VERY few kids under 18 have died from Covid since the beginning! More die from the Flu in a normal year! This is disgusting!!! It will cause more harm than good!
Docket ID FDA-2021-N-1088 Absolutely NO on mandating Covid injections for children 5-11.The controversy over mandating for adults has split this country in half. Mandating for children? You’re looking at a possible civil war. Stop being money hungry and actually show you care about the peoples’ health. 
Forcing children to receive an unvetted vaccine is cruel and unnecessary. Allow people to make make own decisions for their family and not force your agenda on other people. 
Every day we are preached to "follow the science". This does not remotely follow any science. We need to protect our children not lump them into this madness.
Please don’t not even consider giving these vaccines to our children. Our children are not science experiments and lab rats. Plus, their chances of getting deathly ill from Covid is lower than .0007%
Please do not pass any suggestion having young children to receive the covid vax. You know it's dangerous, how could you do this? You will be held responsible for every child you hurt.
I'm against mandating this vaccine for children. They are the least vulnerable group for COVID complications. This is completely unnecessary vaccine. 
This vaccine has had more deaths in its short time than any other vaccine. It is still considered experimental. It is outrageous to mandate and experiment on anyone much less our innocent children. How many lives have to be lost before the medical field will open their eyes to the facts? Not the media misinformation “facts” people like to site. 
This “vaccine” should NOT be approved for children. Children have a 99.99 % chance of survival and have very minimal symptoms if infected with COVID as proven in many studies. The risks of this “vaccine” far outweigh the benefit...which how could you prove a benefit would exist in a virus that practically has a 0% death rate in this age group. This is malpractice. Do the right thing.p
am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults..
Something that has not had years of research should not be forced onto someone when they are not comfortable injecting into their body. 
Our kids are not your experiment. Leave them alone and let parents decide what is best for themselves and their family.
We the people and citizen of America want the right to have freedom of conscience and liberty to choose what we deem best and healthy for our body's and the body's of our children under the age of 18. 
I urge you to please not approve the Covid 19 vaccine for use in children 5-11 years old. Children are not at risk for severe Covid 19 illness or death from Covid. The risk of the vaccines causing post vaccine death or damage to children is greater than the benefits. 
I oppose this being approved! It needs more time. Please don’t approve for children.
I do not co parent with the government and I refuse to let someone ‘mandate’ what goes into my child’s body. You will not force, coerce, pressure, or threaten me. I will not back down. I make the decisions. 
I am against approving the Covid vaccine for children. There is an abundance of proof and studies that show kids are not susceptible to Covid and that the risks of myocarditis and other permanent side effects as stated by the pharmaceutical companies do not outweigh the risks of the virus. 
I totally oppose this ridiculous mandate for all ages but especially for children. They are not at risk of any danger from Covid. 
I am writing to inform you of my opposition to covid vaccination for kids ages 5 - 11. Kids of those ages are very mildly affected by covid and recover very quickly from it. They do not need to be vaccinated against Covid-19.
Please reconsider the need to vaccinate these children. We as a world do not understand how this may affect their well being for the long term. Children are resilient and develop great immunity naturally. Many already have antibodies built up from having been exposed to the virus. Please give this more time.
My body. My choice. My child. My choice. It is unconstitutional to mandate this "vaccine".... You and I both know this isn't technically a "vaccine". It does absolutely nothing that a vaccine should do !!! Most importantly, it doesn't prevent, protect, or stop the spread of covid. 
The Pfizer and Moderna have deleterious effects on blood like clotting and Changing blood cell form
Mandating the vaccine for this age group is unethical because they are not at serious risk from coronavirus. To force them to get a vaccine just to protect the rest of the population when there are zero long-term safety studies on the impact of children, is scientifically and morally remiss.
The government should not be the deciding factor on what my children should be putting in their bodies. Especially when there are no long term studies on this covid vaccine. Please do not push this mandate on our children or in fact on anybody. Not one size fits all and we have to look at the science and not mandate this because of money or political gain.
Kids 5-11 have strong natural immune so I oppose the vaccine for them. 
COVID-19 "Vaccine" Mandates: Nuremberg Crime. Humanitarian Crime. Violation of Geneva Convention. All Yeas will be held accountable for such to the fullest extent of the law by over 80+ Million Americans. 
The mortality rate does not support vaccinations for children. There is a risk in the vaccine and hospitalization with Covid in this population is extremely rare. The government including top Virologist have been saying to follow the science but there is a lack of science to support vaccinating children.
Children should not have the vaccination, only elderly and those at risk with comorbidities. The vaccine should be given only to those at greatest risk.
Kids have no risk of dying from Covid. But the risks from the shot are devastating for some.It’s much better to get Covid and have natural immunity then hampered immunity that this experimental shot seems to give. 
Please oppose approval of MRNA and other COVID vaccines for children.
I urge you to NOT mandate covid vaccines for children. I strongly impose such mandate on behalf of the government. 
No one should be vaxxed as Covid has a 99.97 recovery rate and vaccinated people can still get Covid. Ivermectin and Hydrochloriqine are good for a person with Covid symptoms
The information supported by research tells us everything we need to know at this time. We ask that you please stop the push for vaccination in children. 
Please protect our children from a vaccination that is NOT necessary! Please protect our freedoms too!
My family opposes vaccine mandates for children and adults!
There is absolutely no medical reason to give ANY children a vaccine supposedly for COVID. It is still an emergency use drug. There is no study in place with a valid control group. Sure the FDA approved a drug but it's not available for use in the US at this time. No child should be an "experiment". EVER. 
Please do not allow children to be vaccinated for covid 19. They are not at risk and studies indicate this may cause more harm than good. Do what is right for our future generations, not what is best for Big Pharma.
Force vaccinating anyone, let alone children is a crime. Especially with an unapproved and inadequately tested concoction. (Experimental/ Nuremberg) Besides the fact that these COVID vaccines have done more harm, injuries and DEATH than all other vaccines combined over the last 20 years. We are into the depopulation agenda and we DO NOT consent.
take Politics out of our Federal Health. Do not force a mandate of Vaccination on the youth or any American citizen. The science is not backing this vaccine. would this ruling also force all future booster doses? I’m sure the Pharmaceutical industry must be making a lot of money. The science needs to be followed. 
Long-term effects unknown - these vaccines must NOT be given to children. It's dangerous and wholly unnecessary. No one is liable when individuals are injured.
This is still an experimental medicine there is NO need to administer to kids who are at ZERO risk of dying from this disease. Also, some countries have banned vaccines for under 30 years old for many reasons!
I am completely against children getting mandated for the covid 19 vaccine. The risk far outweighs any benefit from the vaccine. The database shows children are not at risk and don't spread it. This insanity has to stop.
To the FDA, from the information that I found about the vaccines, I believe the vaccines should not be allowed for children 5-11. I know of people with serious vaccine reactions to the covid-19 mrna vaccine, including death. I urge you to not allow it for children. 
Do not approve these experimental injections for kids. The benefit vs risk is very low, according to data. To trade off children’s health for the “benefit” of adults is inappropriate.
Please do not mandate an unproven vaccine for children. I do not believe it’s safe or effective to vaccinate every single child. 
our children have basically a zero percent chance of a negative outcome if they contract Covid. The same cannot be said of their risk with getting the vaccines. There is an undeniable risk for our children getting the vaccines. No mandates!
This experimental "vaccine" should not be pushed onto children.We must be allowed our ability to choose what is best for ourselves.
These vaccines are NOT safe and effective! Children do not need to be subjected to these so called vaccines. These mandates are criminal! 
There are too many health issues for this to be safe for these children. DO NOT APPROVE THIS
I am not ok with putting a vaccine in my child that hasn’t had long term evidence that it is not going to have side effects. No enough testing and i do t want my children to be the test subject.
No to vac kids for virus 99% recovery. .0009% kids 18 under will get it.
This is unjust and insane!!! Our right to choose what is best for ourselves and our families are trying to be taken away!!!! Must be stopped!
This is genocide against children. The fatality rate is in so incredibly small for children and study after study shows that they are not the disease vectors the media has made them out to be. I will homeschool my son if this poison is mandated for public schools. 
Vaccines for children 5 to 12 is the most ludicrous proposition I have heard 
Vaccinating our children is jaut for our wrong and unnecessary, it’s proving to be doing more harm than good, im not sure why the need is felt to inject this poison into our innocent children. STOP PUSHING FOR THE VACCINE!!! 
There is absolutely no reason to inject children with this unapproved gene theory! 
I believe there are far too many adverse effects from the COVID Vaccine to be giving them to children between 5 and 11 years old.
This is a parents choice not the government period
Children are not guinea pigs and should not be used for science experiments. Natural immunity to viruses can be achieved easily and without risk!!
No. Absolutely NOT!!!! This is not even a REAL VACCINE!! Anything short of abandoning this crime is not enough. Giving this FAKE VACCINE to anyone is already treason & indagering public health. THIS IS NOT OVER. FACTS ARE BEING COLLECTED. STOP WHILE YOU CAN AVOID CRIMINAL PROSICUTION. NO NO NO COVID “vaccine” for ANY CHILDREN. N-O!! NO. 
I am urging the FDA to not approve this gene therapy for ANY children! There is a 99 plus percent survival rate, and natural immunity seems more hearty. If you approve this, you have demonstrated that you are Not working for We the People but for the deep state politicians. Please don’t do this!
Please stop Injected put children forYour profits. The covid vaccine is ridiculous and not necessary for anyone, especially children. Stop and leave people alone and in charge of their bodies and medical choices. You all should be ashamed for what you are doing
I am appalled at the idea of using ANY child as guinea pigs in the so called Covid19 EUA “vaccines”!!
No! Dont you dare subject out children to these EXPERIMENTS. We have had enough deaths from these Jabs! 
You absolutely must stop coercing people of any age to take biologicals into their bodies. This is against Geneva, Nuremberg, Helsinki, & our Constitution, just for starters. WHAT IS THE SURVIVAL RATE OF THIS DUSEASE??
I am fully vaccinated and encourage ADULTS to do so, however mandating my small children is unacceptable. Taking my choice away as a mother is not up to you! 
I strongly oppose giving mRNA and DNA shots to children, 5 - 11 who have no risk from Covid and high risks of adverse reactions including injuries like blood clots, heart problems, neurological, seizures, paralysis, infertility and death. Do not approve of these shots for children. No jabs to all ages! 
This vaccine is still in clinical trials, it is too new to give to children, without full understand of long term side effects. 
Kids have great immunity and as fauci said “ the asymptomatic do not drive transmission “. Kids are mostly asymptomatic. Kids are more in danger from the vaccine than catching covid. Please act rationally.
We don't know the long term affects of this vaccine. Covid has a 99% survival rate. We have seen that children rarely get it and rarely carry it! Please don't use our kids as guinea pigs!
I absolutely oppose the Covid 19 vaccines for children and for adults. It’s absurd that it is even being considered.
The vaccines are proven deadly. They are also not approved. They are only approved for EUA. Children should not be forced to take experimental shots. They are our future. Stop the shot!!
No one knows the long range effects of these experimental vaccines. There have been too many serious side effects and deaths from them. This shot should not be given to our children. They have very low risk from the virus. The danger outweighs the benefit. The virus is less dangerous to them than the shot. Do not give in to pressure from those who receive financial gain from these shots. 
Pourquoi vacciner des enfants qui ont 0 risque avec le covid mais des risques réels (endocardites, myocardites...) avec les vaccins. Ceci est criminel!
No mandated vaccination are needed for children! There are reports that severe covid is too low to quantify in children so why do they need this vaccine? The FDA itself stated that even vaccinated people can catch and spread covid. Unless you can show that this vaccine is 100% effective at preventing and spreading the virus then there is no need to take this vaccine.
I thinks it’s absurd and a crime to inject this into children when we have no long term data on health consequences of the vaccine. And also when we know they are such low risk for Covid disease mortality anyway
I am a licensed clinical psychologist with nearly 40 years of experience. I am totally opposed to giving COVID shots to children that are not safe by any reasonable standard especially when compared to the minimal risk they have from the disease.
Do not mandate anymore covid vaccines. It is our body. Our choice. Stay away from our children. 
The risks far outweigh any benefit in COVID vaccines for children ages 5-12. DON'T DO THIS!!
I am contacting you to request that you do not authorize covid injections for children 5-11. Young children pose the lowest risk of contracting covid 19 and they rarely do. On top of that It’s an experimental injection and I do not want it to be approved. Thank you.
I am not going to consume your time with all the arguments against giving this vax to kids. The vax IS NOT NECESSARY. Please vote NOT to give it to kids.
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children.Theirimmunological and neurological systems are still in development, making thempotentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
Don’t become Murderers - No experimental vaccines for anyone much less children -zero science regarding effectiveness vs putting children atcrisk effectiveness 
How can you approve an experimental vaccine that VEARS data shows can be MORE detrimental to children then the disease itself?DO NOT APPROVE THE COVID 19 VACCINE FOR CHILDREN UNTIL SUBSTANTIAL LONG TERM EVIDENCE CAN BE USED TO DETERMINE THE EFFECTS!!!!!!!!
There has not been enough studies nor data to prove long term effects. The risks currently outweigh the pros. Allow this to be a choice not a mandate. 
As a grandmother of two grandchildren I do not feel the Covid vaccines are necessary nor healthy for children. Their little bodies are still developing and I am concerned about the safety measures of this vaccine. Kids are the least likely to contract Covid and be seriously ill. Please reconsider inocculating children with these poisons!!
Our children are our FUTURE. Please protect them from the unknowns, and known hazards, of this injection. They are not spreading the disease; a quick glance at the CDC data even confirms that. Please help to shift the focus of this pandemic from belief that a pharmaceutical is necessary for all, into the importance of healthy living for all. Please please please protect the young ones.
The risk of covid vaccination in children is unwarranted as covid spread is rare in schools and childcare centers.Children are experiencing serious life altering side effects such as, myocarditis, blood clots and neurological symptoms. These risks outweigh any benefit from children being vaccinated with a still experimental vaccine.
This is not safe and children and parents have rights to choose what to do with their bodies. There are plenty of other cites to Covid!
It’s a crime to submit children to a phase 3 clinical trial of an experimental injection without long term evidence of safety for an illness that poses nearly no threat to their wellbeing.
STOP FORCING THE VACCINES!!! Let us all make our own personal decisions and that of our children. USA is to be a free country and there is nothing free about it any longer due to the leadership of our country!
Please do follow the science when it comes to our children PLEASE
You do this and you will start a civil war. Remember most Americans have guns. We are not Australia. 
It is not right to mandate anything that could have any possible side effects. It should be a choice/option for everyone. Not a mandate.
Do not authorize this injection for children 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is no ground for authorizing 
Please do Not approve the Covid Vaccine for 5=11yr olds! There are still too many unknown risks and the testing methods that Pfizer has put out are extremely flawed. SMazurek
Let it be known that I, as majority of parents, oppose the mandate for children 5 to 12 years old. This is not only un-necessary, but un-constitutional. The data shows children have little to no safety concerns from this virus and implementing this would trigger a response from the American people that will destroy the public school system. 
There should not be a mandate on vaccination for kids. 
We know this is a genocide under way. You will all hang. You can’t hide. It’s as good as done.
Please do not poison our children with this vaccine. It has no track record except not working. Our children need to acquire natural immunity. As do all of us. 
How dare you even think of attempting to put this experimental shot in to our children. There will class action lawsuits against you for crimes against humanity if you even think about coming near these kids. Absolutely, under no circumstance, can this be allowed. We the people are the ones who pay your salaries. You work for US!
Please, I beg of you to not pass any mandates that call for children to be vaccinated. It’s bad enough that healthy adults who take care of their bodies are being coerced or forced to comply. Our children matter!
Nearly a MILLION adverse events reported to VAERS and you want to give this to children who have a nearly 100% chance of surviving infection? That is abuse. Think twice before playing God with their lives. These mandates are unconstitutional. Leave the children out of it.
As the results of vaccinations in many countries (in particular Israel) show, there are no benefits, on the contrary: vaccinated people end up being infected and in hospitals. The side effects are too numerous and often deadly
There is a growing body of evidence that the injections for 'Covid' are causing harm to children--myocarditis in young males is one example. There is no evidence that children are at high risk for getting, transmitting, or suffering consequences from the 'virus. First: do no harm.
Please do not mandate the vaccine. Let people choose if they want to vaccinate their children or not. 
Please do not mandate shots for children. The known and unknown risks to their health outweigh any benefit.
All medical decisions for children should rest only in the hands of the parents/legal gaurdians. I am firmly opposed to any mandate that takes away the right of parents to make health/medical decisions for their own children. We will not co-parent with the government. 
Stop harming the children with unnecessary vaccines! Look at the number of kids not dying of covid.
This unconscionable! No vaccines for children should take place at all, much less 5 - 11 year-old. children! Keep in mind the cases of myocarditis in youths. And keep in mind that all this is for a virus that is 99.9% curable IF they catch it! Demons you are if you let this go through!
EUA is for emergencies. What is the dire emergency for 5 to 12 year old with COVID-19? Children are not a science experiment. Do not recommend EUA without further studies studies
The covid vaccine should NOT be approved or mandated for children! They do not carry major risk when exposed to the virus and the adverse effects of the vaccine are more serious than the disease itself
I stand against Covid19 vaccinations to children of all ages. As data has shown that minors fatalities are near zero. (Precisely 0.0879981322846% of the deaths in the USA). Source: https://data.cdc.gov/NCHS/Provisional-COVID-19-Deaths-Focus-on-Ages-0-18-Yea/nr4s-juj3
Covid-19 DOES NOT pose a significant threat to children. Clearly, the shot might pose significant long term health risks to our youngest and most vulnerable! This vaccine HAS NOT been studied long enough to determine if it is safe. Please protect our children and grandchildren. The risk of harm far outweighs the benefits of this shot!!! Thank you and God Bless.
No covid-19 vaccines for children!!! I am a mother and grandmother and I am opposed to covid vaccines for children. 
The risk is too high for children getting neurological problems, adverse reactions, myocarditis, and other genetic problems that my affect their normal growth and future reproductivity. Their God-given immune system will fight Covid-19 most effectively and the risk of dying is almost zero. Stop trying to control all of our health care decisions for our own children.
Please stop , this is not an approved vaccine. More deaths from being vaccinated than covid itself. We have a right to make our own decisions. This is nothing more than a depopulation and control tactic by the satanic cabal and this needs to stop. 
Please let’s study the effects on vaccinated adults before we vaccinate our children. It will take at least 3 years before can determine exactly how this vaccine affects the human body. Better to wait than make an irrevocable mistake. Thank you for considering this plea!
Why unlike other vaccines where we allow to check titers before giving a vaccine can't we do the same for the covid vaccine? If a child has antibodies it seems reduculous to mandate a vaccine. Additionally, covid isn't particularly dangerous in young children why mandate this vaccine in a population that is already safe?
Stop these Mandates of COVID-19 vaccination for children 5 to 11 years old. It’s the parents decision to make the choice for their children. The Government doesn’t have the right to make that mandate!! My body my choice! The Government is not my children’s parents. Stop this nonsense and block this from going through. 
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, including the UK study
I believe that the mandating of experimental vaccines is reckless, immoral, and a violation of our civil liberties and bodily autonomy. Especially when the result is coercion to accept a medical procedure against ones will, or the loss of any means to a livelihood.
I am a mother of eight and my children will NOT be an experiment! I am not an anti-vaxer but the more you push to mandate these vaccines and take away our medical freedoms, I am more inclined to stop vaccinations all together. This is America! Where have all of our freedoms gone? Stop trying to turn the USA into a communist country. I pray for you and for this country. God Bless the USA.
Bodily autonomy is a constitutional, God given right. And children's rights should be decided by their parents. Please. Stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine. 
Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds.I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support the use of rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
Given the low risk of death to children from covid 19 and it's varients vaccination of children poses a greater risk to thier health by way of vaccine injury than naturally acquiring the disease. In addition there is no long term data on the vaccine. Children should never be experimented upon.
I am encouraging the VRBPAC to oppose the premature approval of Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine.
I don’t think it’s a good idea to inject something into children that hasn’t been tested completely. We don’t know what long term effects this will have. Most children don’t get very ill from Covid, minor cold symptoms. Flu is more deadly to young children.
Please do not allow this shot to be approved for our children. Their immune systems are amazing and can fight this virus if we leave it be. We know there are harmful side effects from the shot and it is not effective at stopping contraction or transmission so it is not necessary. 
Leave our kids alone. Wait until the proper trials and studies have been competed before forcing the COVID-19 vaccine on our children. With extremely low severity in children there is no need for a vaccine for them. 
Children have virtually no risk from Covid 19 and should not be receiving an experimental vaccine. It has been well documented now that the vaccine does not keep you from getting Covid-19 nor does it keep you from spreading so please spare our children from this. 
No vaccines for kids, we don’t know if it is safe. Only few mounts passed. My aunt after second vaccine feels very bad, she can’t walk like she used to.
"We hold these truths to be self evident, that all men were created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.". Forced vaccines, forced masking, and/or mandatory testing is in violation of our Constitutional Rights, and the Nuremberg Code. Leave us alone. LEAVE OUR KIDS ALONE!
All the evidence show children are not at significant risk because of Covid 19. The only thing the mRNA treatment can do is cause them harm. It's a known fact that children are more at risk of death or injury from the shots than from C19. Why are you trying to do this to our children!?
Vaccine Approval should be limited to kids with underlying conditions. 
World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki - NO COVID VACCINES FOR OUR CHILDREN!
Hi please no mandatory vaccines for kids they have enough in them kids are not at risk for Covid I had it once and my husband twice and none of my kids were affected at all and I have 5 kids give them a healthy lifestyle with enough vitamins and supplements and they will be fine thank you 
Please stop using people; especially our children, in these experiments. Allow parents to make health decisions for their children. You all know that these mandates are unconditional. Do the jobs you’re elected and paid to do and stop acting like dictators
I do not support mandating Covid vaccinations for all children under 12. Unless there are extenuating circumstances for children with compromised immune systems, there is not ample justification for vaccinating all children. One size does not fit all. This issue should be between parents and their pediatrician. Period. 
My comment is that, if everyone truly cares about us or our children, they need to give us good diet and healthy foods and healthy advices. To do activities, sleep well. So the health immune system will be able to recover the virus. Or even block it. No biological ingredients will be needed. 
COVID 19 has a very low death rate for children. Antibodies formed by having COVID 19 is much better protection then an experimental vaccine that has potential severe side effects. Please do not harm our children with a vaccine that is not needed, which is not effective and has the potential of causing harm. It is unforgivable to harm children this way.
To whomever it concerns do not give this job that vaccine to any children you do know what long-term effects will have on these kids you can't predict what the future will hold give them a chance to pick for themselves when they're 18 you don't decide for them they should be able to decide for themselves and their parents not you. Thank you, Melissa Lucas
The possible adverse reactions are worse than the disease for children. There needs to be several years of safety data before this unproven protocol is approved for children. NO COVID-19 VACCINES FOR CHILDREN.
With documented cases of clotting and inflammation how dare you consider forcing children to get vaccinations. Covid doesn't affect children like aduts. As we have learned the vaccine given to adults doesn't stop infection or spread so why force it on children. The only answer is money. How bout you push propper diet, exercise and vitamins instead of pushing your experimental drugs on people. 
I am firmly against Covid 19 vaccine mandates for children 5 and up. The perceived benefits do not out way the risks. Children should not be experimented on. They are still growing. 
Please, please stop this mandate from moving forward. Without long-term data on the safety of this injection, we are placing an entire generation of children at risk. Please value our children and fight back against this tyranny.
Please do not require children to be vaccinated for COVID-19.Risk of long term effects or death from this virus in younger children does not deem this necessary.Please more long term studies need to be done before vaccinating this age group.
Please don't mandate covid vaccination in children. I feel it's too early to make such a decision to say benefit outweigh the risks in their little growing bodies.
Vaccines for the 5-12 age group are higher risk to the children than COVID itself. This age group has already suffered from social isolation, interruption of their education, emotional trauma, economic hardships for their families. Stop this madness now. 
Absolutely NOT!!!! I will not force anything into my child’s body and will pull them from any public services… they already have enough vaccines in their bodies. we all have had covid and it’s nothing to require a vaccine over . SMH
We will not be forced to inject anything into our bodies. We know the outcome of the mRNA testing and how it failed. We see the power grabs and erosion of freedoms. We will not be taking this lying down. We will be using the Nuremburg to prosecute anyone complicit.
As a mother to a child in this age group, I do not think that this vaccine has had enough testing or study done to show its safety for young kids. With reactions varying so greatly, and a lot of them so severe, I believe that we as the adults, should do our due diligence to give them a better vaccine. Not one mandated because we’re scared of getting sick. 
It is time to stop dictating what people have to put in their bodies. No long term effects have been studied in regards to the COVID-19 vaccine and yet it is being considered to be mandated for our children. This is unacceptable.
I adamantly OPPOSE the mrna vaccination for children. This should never be mandated. 
How long have the safety trials been done on this age group and how many children have been included in this safety trial?
This is a decision to be left to the parents!!! Do NOT make this mandatory!! I will pull my children out of public education if this is passed! I know several other parents who will do the same. 
Do not vaccinate children. Stop this madness. Children do not need this Covid shot. No one wants the children injected with this mRNA monster. NO VAXEENS FOR CHILDREN
ABSOLUTELY NOT this has to stop. It’s just not right. 
Kids don't need an experimental shot when they are at the very lowest risk. Let their own immune systems work and not stunt them with chemicals that aren't needed please. 
I oppose mandates that require mandatory compliance with medical malpractice. 
I am against mandating covid vaccinations for children 5-11 years old
Please listen to the people of the USA. Parents, women and men who are begging you to see truth and facts. We demand medical freedom when it comes to the covid 19 vaccine.
No, emphatically, categorically No, I do not consent 
Please do not mandate anything for my or my child’s body! The vaccines, by your own admission, are not perfected yet. You have a conscience. Don’t suppress it.
Please do not put an experimental vaccine into our children! The side effects on the younger people has been horrible! NO NO NO!!!
The vaccine has not been tested long enough. It’s dangerous and irresponsible. Our children are not enrolled in clinical trials. 
Since Covid-19 is no threat to the life of children and mRNA virus technology is a threat to their health and long term well being, it is criminal for the FDA to give permission to, and to recommend the vaccination of children. 
I do not agree with mandating children to get a vaccine. This is the parent’s decision, not the government, not the FDA, not the CDC. 
Please please please don't force this on our children. As with meds, let the parent choose and manage. Kids are by nature resilient, this is not right. We don't force kids to get flu shots. Please. Many of us won't do it, so it'll just mean more dropping out of the public school. Please. Ask yourself if this is truly truly right, please. Just for a moment, ask yourself. 
I oppose mandating the Covid vaccine to the children. Their young bodies could be irreparably damaged. 
My kid my choice! The covid numbers in children do not support a vaccine mandate!
Why are you even considering a COVID vaccine for a disease that has almost no impact on the identified age group? Based on preliminary data, the proposed Pfizer vaccine is more dangerous for children ages 5-11 than COVID. How are these vaccines even up for consideration? Did you really learn nothing from Dengvaxia or the Cutter incident?
Please do not mandate this for young children. It puts parents in an impossible situation. You are holding their education over our heads to make us give them an expedited vaccine even though we have no idea what long term effects it could have on them. This is immoral. 
Do not mandate a vaccine on children for an illness that is not deadly to healthy immune systems.
I believe in a parents right to choose which vaccines go into their child. The government needs to stay out of our parenting decisions. We do not know the long term effects of taking this rushed jab. I will not allow my children to be a test subject. 
We do not believe in taking medication we don’t need. Our children have a strong immune system and we won’t allow the government to harm our children with unnecessary vaccinations. We do not trust the CDC or FDA.Thank you, and may God have mercy on America.
Children are not only not at risk, but we are the only country that is pushing vaccines mandates or vaccines on children for COVID. We are so behind in the science, it's not even funny. Do not mandate or require vaccines for children. 
Please do not jeopardise the children. It should remain up to their parents to decide what and if any vaccines their children get.
Please approve the vaccines for this age group and make it part of the necessary school vaccinations.
Children do not need Covid vaccines. The low death rate from the virus for children does not warrant subjecting them to the side effects of a vaccine. 
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
This is absolute insanity. You all belong in jail. Lets go brandon!!! 
I am strongly opposed to mandating injections of which have not been proven to be safe and effective for any person and especially developing bodies of children 5-12 yrs. olds, who are the least likely to be at any risk from the virus. This is an experimental injection and should not be given to any person. DO NOT MANDATE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN!
Please do not mandate vaccine for Covid for children.
Please stop the insanity of approving and mandating for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine.
There is noReason to mandate a vaccine that doesn’t work especially for children who barely have covid symptoms.
No Vaccines for Kids!!!!! No Vaccines Mandates for anyone!
No mandatory vaccine for kids or anyone for that matter. How is it public health to force people to take a vaccine for which there is no short term or long term studies. Over 99% survival rate for almost everyone except for unhealthy people. This is not about public health is it?
Please STOP vaccine children, don’t harm them by drug.
I really want to tell them to shove their mandate up their Arse ! But to think that they would impose a mandate on 5-11 year olds is outright sickening, there is no FDA approved Vaccine. Parents just say No .
Our children are not dying from COVID 19. Please keep our children safe from the side effects of the vaccines, which do not have enough testing to be considered safe. 
This is a bad idea we already know that children have a high chance of heart issues with this vaccine. There has not been enough testing. I know my grandchildren will not be getting the vaccine. What is agenda?? This makes zero sense. 
Children are not at risk and under no circumstances do they need this vaccine. Also it causes heart problems in children!! Blood be on your hands if you approve this vaccine for children.
No! Children should never have this vaccination! The CDC data reveals that children are 107 times more likely to die from the vaccination than from covid. DO NOT allow this horrendous thing to happen to our children.
Children should not be exposed to any more vaccinations. They have natural immunity and are endangered by all those extra additives they contain. They have no way to protect themselves at that age. There hasn't been enough testing to show that there are not any longterm effects. Please leave the children alone! The whole world is going crazy!!
Where there is RISK there MUST be CHOICE! Mandates are inhumane and children's decisions should be left up to the parents. Vaccines have risk, therefore, require choice! Period! Thank you for your time reading this and thank you for the consideration of this comment. 
Do not authorize ANY and all covid vaccines!!! This is unconstitutional!!! 
No vaccines for children. Not necessary. Follow the REAL science. 
This vaccine is NOT without risk. Stop pushing it on people. 
It is unlawful to forcibly vaccinate anyone. It’s immoral! We will not allow you to do this to children. Please stop this agenda. Those who move this bill forward will be held accountable. Stand against the nWO now. 
The kids does not need to be protected from the COVID-19 virus because the potential impact are exceedingly small on kids. Please follow the science. There is not enough study supporting the vaccine a Safe for kids. More studies needs to be done! Our kids lives depend on it so please do not allow this vaccine to be given to children. One worried mother. 
Stop with these unconstitutional mandates!! These children have nearly zero reason to have to get this EXPERIMENTAL shot!!! Stop this tyranny!!!
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUND FOR AUTHORIZING!
I inherently oppose vaccine mandates for children ages 5 to 12 years.
You have no right to experiment on our children. You have been unable to produce the real science. This is America not Nazi Germany. Please educate yourself be considerate to human life.
Myself and my family members do m9t support the vaccine mandate for the Dtap or the Covid vaccine being considered for 5 to 19 year olds. The blood clots and hyper or hypotension created or increased from this vaccine is reason to not mandate this for children and teens. 
No! Kids do NOT get COVID! 70% increased risk of heart problems to children. Isn’t 16k deaths ENOUGH for you yet?
These experimental shots are unstable . The companys are abusing the emergency status . Millions of doses are being put into people without being told the truth . Phizer for one has whistle blowers who are exposing their experience ready to tell the truth. Many have died from no integrity in the BIG PHARMA.COMPANYS. LEAVE THE CHILDREN ALONE . The cover up stories are every where. 
This vaccine should as others should not be mandatory. It should be a Parent's Choice. There's nothing to waste more time and money to discuss. Are you doing
Absolutely no mandatory covid vaccines for children!!! Stop the insanity!
99.9% survival rate (CDC) Risk is very high of blood clots.
You have no right to mandate any personal healthcare decisions for people. We have freedom to choose. Your purpose should be in support of the American people, not tyranny. Leave our kids alone & let the parents choose! Enough is enough!
 believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines
With the low risk of infection and mortality for young children, I am respectfully asking that no mandates be made at this time for those 5-11 years old. Please take the time to consider the possible harm that children will suffer if forced to be injected. With a 99.9973% survival rate, one needs to question the agenda behind this endeavor. 
I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies. Our kids are not for profit!
Please wait for a few years at least so we can see the long term studies
I'm horrified to think the government would even contemplate giving children this experimental drug. I have 4 grandchildren under 12 and it's unthinkable what their health futures. I so beg that the government this drug is not administered!!
No one, especially children, should ever be forced in taking a vaccine or any other drug. NO FORCED COVID VACCINATIONS!
this vaccine should never be forced on the American people. It is not safe and has bee proven not to work. Our children should not be made to take this very dangerous vaccine. I as a latent and an American citizen have the right to choose. the government will not choose for me and my family. This is not North Korea!! 
if this committee is truly independent, apolitical, and fact and science based, you know what's the right thing to say and do. Your vote and recommendations on this matter carries huge weight on what's going to impact the future of mankind so exercise your privilege carefully. Nuremberg trial 2.0 is the last thing everyone wants to see happening. Thank you. 
You are trying to kill off the population of children that cannot protect themselves from you!! You should be ashamed of yourselves! Praying on parents and children that TRUSTED you to make the right decisions to protect us all! God knows what you are doing! Your judgment day is here!!!!
If this vaccine mandate is approved, it is a blatant disregard for the clear and district comments presented in this forum to reject the vaccine mandate. 
As a mother of 4 I am 100% agenst mandatory vaccines for covid 19! 
Children are not so affected by Covid-19 and therefore should not require this injection at all. If parents want it they have the choice however this should not be mandated. The long term effects are as yet unproven and unknown.
Please do not take away our authority as parents and guardians by mandating the vaccine. While our family has chosen the vaccine, we believe that is one of our greatest rights as American citizens- the right to choose - how to we raise our children, the values we instill, what we do to earn a living, etc..
There is not sufficient data to show that kids absolutely need to be vaccinated. There also is no long-term research on the effects of the vaccine on kids. Until both of these standards can be met children should not be mandated to receive the vaccine.
I am very opposed to vaccinating children for Covid. This vaccine is new and has zero long term studies. It is unethical experiment on children, especially when their risk level is so low for Covid. Our children deserve to be protected from experimental medical treatments. 
With so much unknown about the long term effects of these vaccines, added to the fact of the extremely low percent of serious illness among children, there is no scientific reason to subject children to these injections. I implore you to protect our children and oppose these unconstitutional mandates.
I am very much in opposition of giving these very new to the public Covid vaccinations to children. And I am even more in opposition of mandating this for any of us nevertheless our precious children. This is the United States of America and we should have the right to choose what to put in our bodies and in our children’s bodies. Please be respectful of that and honor each of us citizens.
I'm requesting that the government stopped mandating an experimental vaccine on children do not mandate the covid vaccine for young children that is pure evil
Free country should mean free right to decline the vaccine
The vaccine is not safe for everyone, especially young children with developing organs, people with underlying health conditions and people with comprised immune systems. This mandate is death for some, serious long lasting illness for others, and unforetold damage to our children. The FDA is supposed to approve products that are safe, this is not.
I am strongly opposed to the approval of the Covid 19 vaccines for children. The benefits of the vaccines for this age group do not outweigh the risks. Children are not at high risk for severe Covid. The long term effects of the vaccines are currently unknown. Many adults are experiencing severe adverse events to the vaccines. Please use caution. Thank you.
If this is passed/enforced my child and grandchildren will be taken out of public school. 
Covid vaccines are not needed for 5 thru 12. They don't get very sick . The teachers and staff that want to be protected have gotten the vaccine. Most parents I know will pull there kids from school if this is mandated!
COVID is not a childhood disease as are other vaccine requirements and as such is an insane recommended policy with dangerous health issues! I am strongly opposed to vaccinating children!
I am writing to say quit this madness! Quit sacrificing our children and our people for your love of money.
Please please don’t do this to those children! They have the best chance by building their own immune systems naturally!! The vaccines do not work and cause so much more long term health issues!! Please stop this madness before it’s too late! The vaccines are more dangerous in the long term than the virus!!
Please DO NOT ALLOW children to be vaccinated against Covid. Looking at the data, it is clear that children have very little risk of suffering from Covid and way too much risk of suffering from these vaccines. Children's bodies are not developed enough to withstand the onslaught of the chemicals that come with these vaccines. Thank you for your deep thoughtfulness with this consideration.
Children will survive this virus almost 100% of the time. There is no need to have them participate in a vaccination that will do more harm with too many unknowns 
These shots are not safe for adults. Please DO NOT give this to our children. There is more harm than benefit. Children who get Covid only experience mild cold symptoms. I am against giving these to children. 
This age group has a very small risk of severe side effects and we don't know the long-term effects. The government cannot come into our homes and dictate to us parents what is medically appropriate for our children. 
I urge you to NOT mandate covid vaccines for children. Covid has very little threat to children, yet the vaccines have very serious side effects. 
This is a huge mistake to allow innocent children to be jabbed with this experimental vaccine. There is no long term effect data. They have strong immune systems that would not require this poison into there bodies. Please don’t “mandate” or give the ok to move forward with this. 
Giving this concoction to kids is irresponsible, unnecessary and criminal. I hope you are all held accountable !
Parental consent is vital and extremely important. 
I oppose the mandating of vaccinating 5-11 year olds. These are young people that are still growing and there has not been enough evidence to prove that this will not have life long irreversible effects. Please do not mandate this on young people that do not have a choice! 
We know this shots are not working and are dangerous and result in many adverse reactions that harm more than the virus. Children have a very low rate of infection and a very high rate of recovery. STOP THIS CRIME!.
We should not mandate a vaccine for children who have a 99%+ survival rate until long-term studies can be done to track possible harm from these injections.
Please do not approve giving covid vaccines to anyone under 21 years of age. Stop the mandates to be a prerequisite to work or go to school. Let people know about prophylactic procedures that will save their lives.
I am strongly encouraging the FDA to not authorize this vaccine for 5-11 year old children. Their risk of getting covid-19 is almost zero. Yet the risks from the vaccine are significantly higher. 
I hope you will not be approving then forcing this shot on children. The shot is much more likely to cause harm then the virus! The cure should never be worse than the disease. No way will my boys be getting this. 
I am writing urging you to vote NO on any covid 19 madates, especially for young people. These need much more honest testing, and then, with full understanding of all side effects, should be the parents choice. Informed consent!Kids are at very low risk for covid, and you can still spread it after vaccination so it wouldn't protect others either.Thank you. 
I am absolutely against vaccinating my child with this horrific virus. 
Do not approve the COVID-19 vaccine for children 5-11. The government will force mandates causing many to have to pull their kids out of school. If parents want their kid to have this shot, they should be able to sign up for a clinical trial. 
I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccines for children given the seriousness of adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies. 
Please, please, please do not mandate these shots for children ages 5-11. We have no idea what the long term impacts might be, although we are beginning to see some of them. Thankfully, children are not impacted by this horrible disease the way older folks are, nor do they spread the disease the same way. Please, please, please look at the science and protect our children!
I don't feel that mandating an experimental vaccine to children that have such a high survival rate is necessary. Also, our children should not be used as experiments. We don't have enough information to role this out to children, especially when there have been so many issues with adults already. 
Please do not approve a Covid vaccine mandate for children under 12. These individuals are not seriously threatened by the Covid virus. Their parents should have the right to say no. Mandates in general are against public policy and the principles on which our country was founded.
If you really care about the kids, you would not be making these recommendations. Let their own natural immune systems to their job. We don't know the long term effects of this vaccine and you know it. These are KIDS for god's sake, not cattle. They have their whole lives ahead of them. Leave them alone. Let them live their lives. 
I request that no Covid vaccine be authorized or approved for children. These vaccines have not been thoroughly tested for safety on adults much less for children. Children have little to no danger of dying from Covid-19. Natural illness offers robust and long term immunity which surpasses any vaccine. Please do not authorize or approve Covid vaccine for children. 
Do NOT mandate vaccines for children!!!! Let parents decide what is best for each family. Children under 18 are not at high risk of fatality from COVID and there is no science to prove that children transmit the virus at a higher rate. We do not consent to any vaccine mandates.
To enforce and mandate covid 19 vaccinations for the population of 5-11year olds is absurd. Children of that age are not high risk. This vaccine is too new and my children are not Guinean pigs! Allow parents the rights to decide what is best for OUR children. This is a complete overreach of political power and it’s sickening and scary to think that that is even an option. 
Please leave the innocent kids alone!!They do not need this vaccine 
Requiring this vaccine for children is unethical considering incredible survival rate for this demographic and the utter lack of long term studies. I urge the FDA to leave the decision of injecting our kids with this new vaccine to us parents. At least give us a 5 year study on the efficacy and potential for side effects. We owe it to our children. 
Where there is risk, there must be choice! We do not want any recommendation in favor of vaccinating kids. Kids are —by and large— unaffected! Stop recommending these insane mandates! 
I highly oppose the vaccine and any mandates for children. This goes against our freedoms to choose. 
My children will ABSOLUTELY 100% NOT BE GETTING THIS VACCINE! Even if that means I have to pull all 4 of them out of public schools, It will not happen!
It is not safe nor has it been tested enough. Please do not approve this! 
The evidence is insurmountable. Children”s risk of SARS CoV2 infection is minimal, but the experimental mRNA shots are deadly to children! This insanity must stop! NO “Clot Shots” myocarditis meds for our babies! NO, NO , NO!!!
The harm to children should be of utmost concern to you. We know there will be harm done as it has in the trials and those trails that came before these trials. Are the payoffs worth more than your moral obligation to the people you should be protecting? Stand up for what is right not politics and payoffs!
I strongly oppose vaccinations for children. Look at the science, use your head. WHY would you put this unapproved and untested crap in a child. Pure evil.
I dont support tge mandate to force children to take the covid vaccine
i do NOT parent with the government. mandating anything medical is never a good choice. why is it those who made the vaccine are exempt from taking it? why are white house workers not required to take it? why are vaccines manufacturers are no longer held liable? 
It is time to stop this madness that is being taken against us as Humans. Humans were Never meant to be vaccinated for any reason. We all have a Natural Immunity System inside our bodies. I know because I am a self taught Nutritionist. I have NOT been sick one single since Nov. 2010. No one should ever be sick. Period!!
This shot is entirely experimental. There is no proof of safety or that it works. It’s unconstitutional!
No mandates for children. Bad enough your using adult human beings for your experiments know you want to use our children. Are you people crazy? 99 percent survival rate from covid. I think gods immune system is the best! 
This is probably one of the biggest forms of communism this country has ever seen. If this mass vaccination happenes for our children (which fyi until recently were far less likely to get covid.) What's next? This "pandemic" is nothing more than a variant of the flu. 99.97% survival rating and you think forcing a vaccine that isn't even fully tested yet is the answer. Leave our children alone. 
vaccinations should be at the parents discretion. i refuse to have my child be a lab rat for a vaccination that’s been around for less than 15-20 years so actually know the long term and short term side effects. i am completely against that and can’t believe the audacity of the government. 
I've lost all faith in the FDA...seems like your more interested in lining big pharma bank accounts. There is NO reason to be giving and experimental covid vaccine to children and youth - 8 months of studies and trials are not enough to risk a lifetime of complications. STOP IT! DO YOUR JOB!
There is NO EVIDENCE showing that children are affected by this topic...THIS vaccine has both MAIMED AND KILLED countless people of all ages...DO NOT...APPROVE THIS FOR CHILDREN. IT should be completely taken off the market. By your actions, YOU ARE KNOWN...
Leave our kids and grandchildren alone it's not your responsibility to push a experimental vaccine on our children 
No vaccines for children! First do no harm! Vaccines will harm children! Stop big pharma from dictating the healthcare of the world!
I strongly oppose the experimental vaccine for children, who are at low risk fir a virus that has a recovery rate of 98.5%, let their natural immunity work for them!
No vaccines or masks for our children or any citizen of this great country. 
There is NO NEED to vaccinate children whatsoever because healthy kids have also zero chance of serious illness from Covid but their risks of complications or adverse reactions to this experimental vaccine are very much higher. This is wrong on ALL levels. It should be stopped immediately.
Do NOT establish a Covid-19 vaccine mandate for children of any age. 
Do not support COVID vaccine for children 5 and over 
No I am opposed to this for the health and safety of my family. This is unsafe and children should not be mandated forced coerced or required to have this vaccine. It is too early for them to be exposed to an experimental vaccine especially when the true details and safety are publicly withheld
Please do not approve the children vaccine for 5-11 year olds. The symptoms for kids is mild to asymptotic with a 99.998% recovery rate. Please say no due to the minimal risk kids have when exposed to the virus. 
I do not agree with vaccinating American children of any age especially not ages five through 11. 
No vaccines for kids!!! their natural immunity is stronger than any man made thing!!!
This talk of forcing an experimental jab on children or anyone else is outrageous. It's against so many rules and regulations, plus it is totally against our rights and liberties as a USA citizen. There is no way it would ever stand in a respectable court of law and it's downright immoral to even consider it.
o not authorize the COVID vaccination for children. The death rate is extremely small, they have not been known to be vectors of transmission and there are zero long term studies for a population who is largely unaffected by COVID symptoms
I oppose administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children,who have virtually no risk from COVID-19 and face known and unknown risksfrom the vaccines.
Healthy children or at very low risk of developing severe or lasting side effects from COVID-19. It is ridiculous to using experimental vaccine on our children. Even though the government tries to hide it, there are severe side effects and death caused from the vaccine. Those who approve this kind of experiment on our children will be held accountable before God.
We will Not Comply with your Satanic plan to give children or Adults these poison death Shots! The People will Win in the End because God is on the side of the Rightous! You better rethink what you're doing because even the Fallen Angels You idiots worship Tremble at the Power of God!
Please please please use logic. The evidence is clear concerning the risk vrs benefit of children taking the vaccine. Do what is right and protect the children from unnecessary and potentially dangerous vaccinations. 
The vaccine has had too many terrible side effects to warrant giving it to young children who rarely succumb to Covid-19. Protect the children from this dangerous injection. Do not approve this for children younger than 12. 
No one should be forced to put a substance into their body...especially one that has been around only for a hot second! COVID-19 is NOT life-threatening for most people, & affects children even less. STOP TRYING TO MAKE US A COMMUNIST STATE!
Please do not give these harmful experimental shots to children. They do not need them.
I am 100% against mandating this vaccine for children! This needs to be a decision that is made between parents and their child’s physician! 
Children do not need Covid shots. Covid adverse effects on children are statistically 0. The Covid vaccine on the other hand have been shown to have many adverse effects on people under 35. Do not harm our children for political reasons. Respectfully submitted: RalphYelverton 
Government has no place in making medical decisions for individuals let alone children. Stop this tyranny and forced injections and mandates. Power is in the people. This is dangerous and genocide. 
Absolutely do not agree with forced vaccination on anyone under the age of 21 . This Covid 19 vaccine can't be considered a PUBLIC health benefit. It DOES NOT stop Covid 19 it only can reduce the symptons. Proper random trials have not been forthcoming!!! Proper emphasis on therapeutics have not been promoted!!! Proper data gathering has not been executed!!! 
According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. Furthermore, children are not a significant threat to the elderly and vulnerable as most COVID cases are spread from adults to children.Children should not be a part of an experimental vaccine program which VAERS is showing the vaccine is more harmful than Covid.
Pfizer’s former CEO Yeadon says a kid is 50 times more likely to die from the covid vaccine than from covid… we are seeing twins with leukemia after only one week post vax… this is MURDER!!!
I strongly oppose vaccination of any child with Covid 19 vaccine! 
Our children are NOT LAB RATS! Stop the insanity! Let’s discuss this matter after you have 10 years worth of research on long term side effects. Stop this! 
There should be no mandates for vaccination of children (or anyone). This is a free country where we should be able to choose what goes into our bodies. MANDATES ARE WRONG.
The Pfizer shot should NOT get EAU for children 5-11. Not studied long enough to know what side effects would be seen long term in children.
I will not vaccinate my children. We are not anti vaccine. But we are anti making them mandatory!
Do not mandate for kids. It’s NOT a one shot fits all shot. Some bodies are sensitive and react to shots. Give kids a fair chance at good health because it’s their parents choice not the governement’s choice. 
Do NOT approve or give EUA for Covid vax for children. 
There are much safer alternatives available for full recovery.... these vaccination are dangerous and not necessary as been shown by the data. Thank you for looking into this carefully and considering the health of our future in a way that is more aligned to the higher truth.
The science is clearly showing that Delta variant show macrophages harbor SARS-CoV-2, this is a telling indicator that ADE antibodies will cause issues. 
Myocraditis is never mild. Heart inflammation is not rare. The lasting effects are unknown are you the FDA are knowingly planning to kill our children. I encourage you to rethink and research the information being fed to you by coorporate sponsors. If the company you are judging is paying for the research and paying for your service how are you sure there was no corruption of the “science”.
Please recognize the need for free choice when it comes to what we vaccines we subject our children’s bodies to. Everyone deserves the right to choose what is best for themselves. No COVID vaccine requirements for children!
The vaccine has has shownThere is no proven benefit for children
I am totally opposed to subjecting our children to an experimental vaccine. My children WILL NOT be getting it NO MATTER WHAT
Please do not use our children as part of this experiment. You should wait for long term safety data before doing this. Children have a very low chance of getting sick from Covid and the risk does not outweigh the benefit. 
Forcing vaccinations on children is wrong, please don’t do this
We do NOT approve ANY COVID VACCINATION for children 5-11 years old. Or anyone for that matter! 
Do not vaccinate young children with the "covid vaccine".. 
Vote NO to Covid vaccines for children 5-11. These vaccines are harmful!!!!! VOTE NO!!!!!
It is immoral to require a vaccine for children that might cause future harm while protecting them from a disease which causes no threat to their health. 
I urge you to keep all vaccines, shots, and other injections a choice and not make them mandatory. Informed vaccination is the best for all people, instead of forced vaccination.
You guys are really trying to kill not only us but the kids too. How evil!!! Repent or God will deal with you!!
Please do not go after my children with your experimental mRNA gene therapy. There is no long-term safety and efficacy data to support a benefit to vaccinating children 5 and up. This would be an unnecessary risk. I have an obligation to God to protect my family and I will do so.
Are you kidding me??? Forcing me to inject Shit into my blood? Come on...fuck you. Does it Ned to be stated more clearly?
Please do not mandate the Covid-19 vaccine for children ages 5-11. It doesn’t not follow science for children to be vaccinated. 
Please I urged you do not vaccinate children until the clinical trials are completed! This is unsafe. Protect our children
This is insanity. Children barely spread this and do very well with this disease. We need YEARS more data to decide if this is good or bad for children!!
Please do not approve. As a mother of a 6 yo and 4 yo who have already had a mild runny nose as a result of the virus, it’s not an “emergency” for children to have this vaccine with a survival rate of 99.9999%. The vaccine is riskier than the virus for small children. If you approve, my state will mandate for my children to be able to attend school. Please vote no.
THE COVID VACCINE IS HORRIBLE. I HAVE 2 FAMILY MEMBERS THAT HAVE LIFE CHANGING STROKES BECAUSE OF THIS VACCINE. NO PERSON SHOULD BE MADE TO GET IT AGAINST THEIR WILL !!!
Thank you for receiving my comments. Please do not approve covid-19 vaccinations for children. The Pfizer-BioNtech mNRA is still experimental for adults. A small number of children have died from covid-19 alone. About 10-20 children since the pandemic started. Death from myocarditis in young men after the mRNA shot is rising higher and higher. Any benefit does not outweigh the risks. Thank you.
Covid vaccine is too new to mandate. Wait several years until longer term side effects are known. Please, I beg you, don’t mandate this vaccine for children. 
I absolutley do not support the vaccine for children. I have a 9 year old daughter and I have done my research. COVID is not deadly for these kids. If she gets COVID she is statistically going to come through it just fine. These vaccines are untested for long term affects. There is too much risk and this should not be pushed!!!
Will you be investigating the allegations recently made by the project veritas whistle blowers before approving for children? Seems like it should at least me investigated to assure the public. 
I strongly stand against any mandates for this Covid vax for all children especially the 5 year old to 18 years old. You know it's wrong so please have the courage to vote No on this matter.
The vaccines have been proven to be dangerous. There are literally thousands of documents that prove the covid vaccines to be uneffevtive and in fact dangerous. 
All health choices are the right of the individual under the constitution.
You know these jabs are dangerous and children DO NOT need them. At all. And you know this.
Please leave our children alone. They should not be subjected to the all of the substances in the shots without full and complete studies being done; especially considering how tiny the risk is for children.
We need herd immunity. No vaccines for children. 
To Whom It May Concern: As a lifelong California resident I absolutely oppose mandating Covid vaccines in children 5-11 (and all children for that matter including 12+). This mandate is not backed by science as science has proven that children are the least likely to be affected by Covid 19. 
You can take your poison vaccines and mandates to hell. 
You will be charged with murder for all the innocent babies you will be murdering with your vaccine to children. How DARE you approve this vaccine this has been shown to be very clearly unsafe. I’m not sure how any of you sleep at night knowing that you are guilty of murder. DO THE RIGHT THING AND DO NOT APPROVE THIS. 
No experimental proven poisons can be given to any human living being! There is no mandate fir any if this killing. Truth not being reported! The evil you are pushing will earn you a millstone around your neck and personal liability on earth! 
COVID is not and has never been a threat to children (with no known fatalities in cases without comorbidities). Therefore, these shots (which have VAERS statistics four times worse than any vaccine) constitute an unnecessary risk for children. These shots should not be given to children and should not be mandated.
Kids do not need this vaccine and this is purely wrong to mandate 
I do not believe that we know enough about the long term effects of these vaccines to be giving them to children. I,personally, know of a lot of people who have had bad reactions to vaccines. I know three people who have bleeding issues for which the cause cannot be determined. Children are not at severe risk for Covid. Please do not push this on them!
The vaccine is not necessary, and even dangerous for our kids. It's still experimental! We can't risk lives of our children as they are our future!
I am not in favor of the vaccine for children as there is not enough evidence it works.There are too many side effects in people this young. 
I oppose approval of the covid vaccine for childrenThere is NO NEED to vaccinate children against CovidPlease do not approve this Thank you
It is criminal for you to approve this experimental product on our children. Especially after seeing all of the data from VAERS showing harm. And we heard doctors testimonies from your last vote on approving the booster where they said there has been more harm then benefit to approve a booster. If you pass this you should face criminal charges for crimes again humanity.
It is criminal and un American what you are purposing. Vaccines are Not effective and thousands have already died after getting them. That is The Truth. These mandates Must Stop.
Children have not been big spreaders in this particular virus and there’s no need to offer/mandate vaccines. The choice should be up to individual parents to decide. 
Children are not an at risk population for covid and these injections are harming people at an unacceptable rate. Children risk far more by getting the jab than by possibly getting covid. The injection must not be given to children. Edwin Milam
This is a parental choice Ruth any vaccine. This vaccine does not prevent the spread of Covid only the seriousness of illness if you are infected with Covid. Kids don’t die of Covid. They do not need this vaccine!!!
Leace children ALONE. They are literally unaffected by this virus and you know it!!! Vaccines have plenty of adverse reactions. LEAVE KIDS ALONE!!!!
I do not support a emergency use vaccine for any individual. There is no long term studies available at this time. There are reports of children suffering from menstrual cycle issues, heart inflammation. The risk of covid to children is the same as a cold, unless immunocompromised. We need to follow the science as many other countries have done. 
This vaccine is not necessary for children who have such a low chance of ever getting sick and dying of covid. vaccinated people can still spread the virus. This vaccine hasn’t been studied long enough to give it to our precious children! Vote no!
It is not wise or humane to subject any human to very new vaccine- more and more testimonies are flowing in regarding the adverse reactions, some immediate and some later after the inoculation of the vaccine. DO NOT SUBJECT THE CHILDREN TO THIS! That is TOO FAR! 
Please do not approve the administration of vaccines to children. We're already seeing the deadly effects of what is happening in the general population. Why are you pushing this agenda when the recovery rate, according to your statistics, is over 99%?
I absolutely do NOT support mandatory vaccination for kids!! Under no circumstance should the government be over reaching here, this is a medical decision that should be left up to the parents to choose. This is a constitutional right. PLEASE listen to us and do NOT mandate vaccination for our kids. Medical CHOICE, Medical FREEDOM, NO MANDATES!!!!!
Please do not approve these vaccines. I personally know minors that have been severely injured by the Pfizer vaccine. Never in the history of vaccines have we seen so many side effects. This MUST not get approved. Please do the right thing. 
FDA does not have the right to OUR children, they can not mandate what is best for our children’s health. 
This is completely insane!!!! There is no Pandemic, this is clearly an out of control Government that is completely Insane trying to enforce there will on us!!!! This Vaccine is not designed to control/prevent any Virus or disease. This Vaccine and the Phsycos behind it have a much different agenda and you sick bastards are completely aware of it.
If children were accidentally inoculated at a Walgreens with the Covid vaccine instead of the flu shot they came in for and as a result they have inflamed hearts now, why would this vaccine be offered to a child? If an unvaccinated child is less at risk than a vaccinated adult, why are we pushing for vaccines in children? 
Stop the unnecessary dangerous experiment on the children with the ineffective vaccine, get back to your morals and ethics and allow the medicines that actually work to contain covid!
It is an unfair and unreasonable agenda being pushed upon our children taking away our/their rights for an education. To keep covid out of the schools and public places there should be mandatory covid testing NOT vaccinations.
Children do not need a vaccine to a virus that poses no risk to them.
I disapprove of passing this approval for children to be eligible for the covid-19 vaccine. I feel it is unnecessary for children of this age to be put at risk to prevent a virus that has a 99+% survival rate. There is not enough evidence that the pros of this vaccine outweigh the cons. Please reconsider passing this approval. 
Please DO NOT approve the Covid vaccines for children under 18 years of age!
Stop injecting covid vaccines !Stop the mandates !Stop the masking !Stop the PCR tests !Leave the babies, children, alone !Stop the glyphosate, fluoride, chemtrails w aluminum...!Stop harming human beings !Stop this covid scare nonsense !Stop New World Order, Reset !Stop 5G, 6G...!
It hasn’t been tested enough on adults. Why subject the children to this?? I am vehemently opposed to this and so should lawmakers! Don’t do this!
There is no long term data to show that a vaccine for Covid19 is safe, therefore it is unacceptable to even consider administering a gene altering drug to children. Your job is to protect and promote health and safety, please do not approve the use of this on children 
I do not support children or adults being mandated to get a vaccine for a virus that has such a high survival rate. Natural immunity should be considered and parents and people should have a choice!
Mandating the Covid vaccine for young children for a virus that has a 99.9 survival rate is concerning and unscientific. These experimental (ineffective and unsafe) vaccines cause myocarditis among young male boys and they are just as harmful to young girls. 
Children should be left alone from any covid vaccine requirement, there is more risk than benefit to inject them with something there is no long term studies and we are seeing a lot of damage reported already in VAERS. Leave them alone!
Why in the world would you risk hurting a child with an unproven vaccine when there is a 99.9% chance that a healthy child will survive COVID-19? There HAS to be a reason this vaccine is being pushed on our children because it it completely illogical. 
New VAERS numbers have been published for covid19 vaccine. 818,042 Adverse Events127,641 Doctor Visits83,412 Hospitalizations92,017 Urgent Care26,199 Disabled10,179 Bell's Palsy10,304 Myocarditis8,408 Heart Attacks2,631 Miscarriages17,128 Deaths Do not approve this vaccine for children until it is proven SAFE and EFFECTIVE. https://openvaers.com/covid-data
More research needs to be done. Moreover, most of these kids are not at risk of dying from Covid unless they have pre-existing conditions. They are voiceless. Please do the right thing and get more data. Thanks
Science does not support COVID vaccination for children. Parents have their children’s best health interest in the forefront versus the government. Parental consent should drive this medical decision. 
Vaccine mandates should not be occurring. Transmission occurs whether vaccinated or not. Some European countries have banned 30 years and younger from taking covid vaccines. The risk of covid is less than the flu for children. Absolutely no reason to increase risk of new vaccine with no long term research on children. 
This is not needed since the death rate for kids is so low. Also we dont know about long term effects and clinical trials are not done! Would you nject your child with an “experiment”?
I am writing you to express my voice that vaccinating children for COVID-19 is pointless and dangerous.
The covid 19 vaccine has absolutely not been in testing long enough to mandate it for anyone, let alone children. Please tell me what side effects are possible within five years of taking the "vaccine". 
The risk to kids 5-12 of getting sick or dying from taking the vaccine is higher than their risk of the same from getting Covid. Please don't mandate this for our kids before long term studies have been completed! 
I am opposed to vaccinating children in this age range and the benefits do NOT outweigh the outcome. There are no long term studies to warrant the safe use of the COVID vaccine on anyone but least of all children. There should be no vaccine mandates as my basic human right is what I put in my body. 
How can the government order tens of thousands of doses of COVID vaccines before the shot is even approved? In other words, why are the vaccines a foregone conclusion? Why is no one at FDA/CDC looking at all of the injuries and deaths caused by the vaccines?
Forcing children to receive a vaccine with limited research behind it is wrong. The side effects from the vaccine are too much for little immune systems to handle! It’s also very rare for a child to be hospitalized with corona virus. Most of the cases are mild including my own children’s experience with corona virus!!! 
There is a credible reason to believe that Covid vaccines will cross-react with the syncytin and reproductive proteins in sperm, ova, and placenta, leading to impaired fertility and impaired reproductive and gestational outcomes. Why subject our children to this? Please think about what you're imposing on our families and reject the recommendation to vaccinate children ages 5-11 years old. 
The FDA has lost credibility with the American people . We know that these vaccines have no safety trials and that they cause more harm than Covid with proper treatments! You need to stop playing politics with our people and start doing your job properly ! We are not stupid and know the truth about the trials that prove they don’t work and are harmful to us ! 
The CDC's VAERS (vaccine injuries) reports are alarming especially for young people. This is an experimental vaccine, please let's pause and really study it with double bind inert plecebo trials before any more children are injured.
I wholly oppose mandating the "vaccine" for 5-11 year olds! It's too dangerous and this age group is the least vulnerable. There have been more deaths and adverse reactions to this "jab" than in all vaccines combined in the last 30 years! This is wrong, and implore you for the sake of the children's future health to toss this mandate into the trash.
I absolutely oppose the approval of vaccinating our children from Covid when the virus poses almost no risk to them. You already know this. There is no reason to open children up to the potential major side effects from the COVID vaccines. There is NO long term data of the side effects. We are taking about crimes against humanity at the highest scale. Make the right decision. 
Please put this vaccine through more research before mandating it in our children. We don't know the long term side effects. There should not be a rush to vaccinate children without putting this vaccine through the rigors of normal FDA approval to ensure its long term safety in our young population who have their whole life ahead of them. 
Every person should have the right to choose whether they become vaccinated. Individuals must decide based on their own personal medical situation.Especially with known Immunity from past infection. Children should not be subjected to this vaccine It’s wrong
Given that these mRNA vaccines are still EUA and experimental, and given the red flags in VAERS re deaths / adverse events such as we have never seen before in the history of all vaccines combined, this should NOT be approved for children of any age.
Bureaucratic tyrants are beneath contempt. Coercion on top of questionable data and evolving science equals diminishing credibility. How do you sleep well knowing most of your professional judgement is driven by FEAR and your guv pension.. Quit the cowardice and sleep better. And let me decide how to handle my child's health.
Please do not mandate this for children. Allow appropriate time for efficacy and study and allow parents and their medical professional associated with their children to decide what is needed and when. This is NOT something that needs to be regulated at this point. No one knows enough about any of this
It is a height of insanity to vaccinate our young children who are more likely to have adverse reaction to the vaccine than from the illness. You please must not approve this vaccine on our children there will be long term effects on these beautiful children please save our next generation and stop this. A concerned mother and grandmother 
The long term risks of these “vaccines” is not known for children with a lifetime ahead of them. The medical issues arising in some healthy children after the shots (in older children) relative to the risk of the virus in this age group is not worth it. Please do not approve a vaccine for this age group until much longer term studies are conducted and information accurately and fully collected.
Please do not approve any Covid vaccine for young children. The potential side effects of the vaccine outweigh the effects of the virus in young children. Our children are not in a high risk category for contracting the virus or dying from the virus. This vaccine does not prevent the virus like other vaccines and there are other more natural ways to prevent the virus. 
Vaccines should NOT be mandatory for any group. Stop the Nanny state tactics. 
Vaccines should be a parents choice and not mandatory 
Our children don't need this vaccination. We don't yet know the long term affects and the recovery rate in children is extremely high. This should be the parent's choice and if this is made to be mandatory this is a violation of our rights. 
The HEAD OF THE CDC said herself recently that the vaccines do NOT affect transmission of the virus at all- so WHY would you mandate this risky fast tracked vaccine with so many side effects including death? It’s wrong! Try to have a conscience. Try to do the right thing. 
Children do not even need a vaccine for covid! They are low risk! Yet you would OK an experimental drug that definitely has serious risks for children? No, you do not get to experiment on our children. 
I oppose giving kids age 5-12 a mandated COVID vaccine !
This is unnecessary. The risk of bad illness in this age group is infinitesimal. Youi are enriching the giant pharmaceutical companies unnecessarily. It should be the parents decision. Not the government.
You can vaccinate me and my family’s dead bodies if you want. We will never take one more shot from you corrupt SOB’s 
Please do not vaccine children. You will do more harm than good to these children.. please, please, please do not vaccinate!!!!
Please do not make kids ages 5-11 get the covid shot. They are way too young.
Please do not pass any legislation for vaccinating children against this made-made virus. Children have a natural immunity even more so than adults against viruses. This is not a vaccine, it's a dna modification to the human body and is causing major problems with blood clotting, heart disease and neurological diseases.
It is wrong to require our young children to be injected with a vaccine that is not yet approved. The people should be allowed to sue for damages when they occur.
No to v mandates for everyone especially our most precious, our children!
How dare you! Children are not at risk for getting or transmitting COVID-19 and there have been THOUSANDS of adverse events from this “vaccine”. 
The VAERS proves this vaccine is not worth the risk, especially when kids’ immunity overall is strong enough for any virus. Leave our kids alone!
we don't know what the long term effect this new type of injection will have on our populace as it is. natural immunity which children have is far safer for our children to exempt the young children from taking vaccine. please let Go of this dreadful idea! truly. sincerely M.N. MacLean
Stop the madness. There is no reason for this vaccine in children. There is a 99.9% recovery rate from Covid. Leave our children alone. 
Are you people mentally ill? Are you really considering injecting children who have a 0% risk from Covid being injected with a novel, long-term untested, often harmful gene therapy? God help you.
No covid-19 vaccines until at least 5 years of data are collected and analyzed. 
I am opposed to children receiving the Covid shot as the risks outweigh the benefits. I have six healthy grandchildren and their peers have suffered serious adverse effects from this experimental shot. 
You have no authority over sovereign citizens to dictate what they take or don't take into their bodies. 
How about we don’t vaccinate those who are under 12 - thanks
Do not require children 5 yrs or older to take the Covid 19 vaccination. They have a very low chance of dying or even contracting Covid 19.
No COVID vaccine mandates. Not for children. Not for adults. 
As a parent I am not comfortable with either of my children receiving the COVID-19 experimental vaccine. I don’t believe the risk-benefit warrants this is in any way. These are children - we don’t know what long term side effects to these shots will be. If consenting adults choose to participate, that is great. But please, not our children.
Why would we give an experimental vaccine to young children who are not in danger from the virus. Also I think it is crazy that you did not follow your advisory committee on past recommendations. I was a person who trusted the FDA. I no longer do. Myself and many people I know believe you have become a puppet for the drug companies. What a shameful legacy for you. Jerry
I am strongly apposed to mandating VaccinationsFor children The long term effects of these vaccinations are not known and I do not want my child to be a future statistic. Please do not pass this 
How can you possibly be considering giving these to children? You don’t know the long term consequences. DO NOT APPROVE FOR CHILDREN
Children should absolutely not be mandated to be vaccinated for COVID. Look at the science & data! CDC has already made a joke of itself- this is an opportunity to save any integrity left. They should actually “follow the science” on this one. All of these medical decisions should be up to a child’s parents. 
Please, please I beg of you- please do NOT approve the shots for the kids yet. It needs more testing, for longer. It’s way too soon. It’s not a one size fits all, experimental medicine should be studied for longer. What are the long-term effects? Please find out before approving. Thank you! 
DO NOT approve this for kids. They are not at risk. Let natural immunity and nature do what it has always done and this is the best course of action... 
Please stop these mandates please make getting covid vaccinations strictly voluntary. Freedom not force. Natural health for our children. 
Remember thalidomide. Do not experiment on children.
Give people the choice. Give children the choice! Stop the mandates. Our health is our choice.
There has been many more sick people from after taking the shot. Friend of mine just had a stroke due to a blood cot after taking his covid shot. This vaccine is not safe and should not be forced. 
Children 5 and under are at virtually no risk of fatality from Covid-19. They are at a higher risk of adverse events from the vaccine. Please let common sense prevail and do not approve the vaccine for this age group.
This virus is not a threat to children, they need their immune systems to encounter this virus to build for future strains. There is a risk of injury, and the company’s have zero liability. Unacceptable 
No vaccine mandate for our children. At this point forcing these vaccines is inhumane. This is our next generation. I have hope. Please do not mandate the covid vaccine. 
Mandating vaccines from the federal government level for children will not be tolerated. Science does not justify a mandate that forces parents to give medicine to the children. Not your preview or you're right. We will not comply and if you continue down this road we will stop you.
Please don’t mandate vaccines for children over 5 years old. They are not proven to be a significant source of the spread, do not have severe symptoms when they get COVID, and should not be forced to have vaccinations which mess with their DNA.
I am extremely against mandating vaccines in any age group, especially children. 
We do not want the Covid-19 jab approved for young kids. We need to protect our youth. There is no need to give them an inoculation as they have high chance of recovery and not even showing symptoms. Our children are our future and need to be protected above all else. No to approving an inoculation that has been shown to hurt and kill so many. 
These experimental vaccines can cause heart problems in youngsters. There is no need for a mandate since children by and large are not at risk from covid-19.
Informed consent cannot happen when facts and vaccine injuries are supressed and censored! Newsome is not my kids daddy! My kids will never be a Guinea pig for the government!!!
Almighty God says in His Word to us that if you harm one of these little ones it will be better that a concrete is tied to your neck and you are thrown in the sea! I implore you, do not give these vaccines to children!
We are VERY opposed to the current vaccines for covid being passed. We are well aware of the dangerous Health implications as well as the very obvious and nefarious vaccine contents. Do not attempt to force this on our children!!!Why doesn't it alarm you that no one in the medical industry has been able to isolate this alleged virus?
Absolutely not, # one this is not a true vaccine #2 there has not been enough time for research on Adverse reactions, And research on long term side effects. Especially with a health risk with a 96+% survival rate,!
Parents of children 5-12 are asking for more long term studies before approval of the Covid 19 vaccine. States like CA will attempt to force this vaccine on young children before any long term studies are done. 
Do not mandate an experimental vaccine in children. There is no long term data available. The risk of serious illness and death from Covid in this age group is tiny. The risks of this medication are known. This decision must be left to the parent. No medication should be mandated. 
Absolutely not! I am against mandating this new mRNA Covid vaccine. If it’s mandated for school I will be pulling my kid out of school. No long term studies. Kids are not the ones dying from Covid. Let the immune compromised get if if they so choose. Not my kids.
I am strongly opposed to vaccine mandates for all ages. I am extremely concerned about the rollout of EUA vaccines for children 5-12 years old mainly because of the risk reward ratio and fact that Covid does not pose a severe risk to children. Also the lack of adequate long term studies is further reason not to subject the children to this unnecessary shot.
The decision to vaccinate a minor should be up to the discretion of a parent/legal guardian. Please do not draw a line in the sand with parents. You will create a problem where none exists.
I disagree with the new mandate to vaccinate children. There have been too many negative effects and no long term studies. I disagree with vaccinating young children for COVID-19. 
Please do not make covid 19 shot mandatory for 5 to 12 year old children.
Please do not vaccinate our children. The risk of injury from Covid vaccine isn't worth it. Kids don't die unless they have underlying medical conditions. People who are fully vaccinated are getting Covid so why would you inject our children with a faulty vaccine? Let their immune systems to what they were designed to do. PLEASE!
I stand firmly against approval for COVID vaccine for children. I will not use my child as an experiment. 
I Do Not Consent ! Leave the Children alone ! Stop this under the Nuremberg code !!! Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments 
Vaccine mandates are illegal. At some point you will be found guilty of crimes against humanity.
I DO NOT approve of the covid vaccine for youth under 18 especially kids under 12. The risk outweigh the benefit. Kids are not affected enough by covid to make this the right move. 
EUA products are unapproved, unlicensed, and experimental. Under the Nuremberg Code—the foundation of ethical medicine—no one may be coerced to participate in a medical experiment. The individual’s consent is absolutely essential. No court has ever upheld a mandate for a EUA vaccine. 
Please do more studies before mandating vaccines for children 5-11. Also, please make the vaccine companies liable for damages. This can be done in 12 months and then reconsider the data gathered. 
Absolutely NO ato covid vaccines for children. They do not need it! Stop with this experiment once and for all!
The science shows that the vaccines have detrimental ingredients that will harm not aid in protecting our children. No isolators have been proven. It is plain and simple at this point criminal.
Please don't authorize the COVID vaccine for use in children The risk reward profile for COVID vaccine does not substantiate vaccine authorization. The risk to children for severe reaction to the vaccine is greater than that of the vaccine. Scientific studies by reputable institutions like Stanford and Harvard demonstrate that this authorization would be unsubstantiated by science.
I WILL NOT subject my children to any experimental vaccine, such as the covid-19 vaccine. I will not be bribed into injecting them, I will not be coerced into injecting them. 
No mandating vaccines for kids! This is child abuse! Get to your senses...
Do not put this in our young children. It is poison!
I am opposed to the mandating children to receive the COVID vaccine. I do not feel that parents should be forced to have their children receive this vaccine when their risk to getting the virus is scientifically low. 
NO COVID SHOTS FOR KIDS YET https://theexpose.uk/2021/10/20/child-deaths-are-52-percent-higher-since-they-were-offered-the-covid-19-vaccine/ 
I am against vaccine mandates in general and specifically for children.
This is beyond irresponsible to pass a “vaccine” which efficacy is limited and which does not prevent infection. Children should not be test subjects, ever.
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines.
You must not mandate vaccines for our children. Absolutely not. They are not at risk for this virus. Hands off our children!
This covid vaccine should NOT Be given to children. Bad enough adults have suffered at astounding numbers, but please save our kids. This is inexcusable that this would be allowed to be given to children who are virtually no risk from covid. Their risk is greater from the vaccine, therefore, there is no benefit but only risk. I implore you you stop this!!!! 
I believe in medical freedom. “No” to any kind of mandatory shot or other medical treatment without consent. When this involves a child then the parents must grant consent for the child. 
Please do not approve the COVID vaccine for our children!
How on earth can you even remotely consider expanding an Emergency Use Authorization to include such young children? This is insane! This risks to children are unknown. Much, much more testing needs to be completed before approval.
We do not support mandatory vaccines for children. The death rate and sickness severity is low for this age group. The vaccine has not been out long enough to feel safe enough for this age group to not have life long effects. It should be a parents choice on what is the safest plan not a political choice. Its not a one size fits all.
Please do not mandate the Covid 19 Vaccine for children. Everyone should have a choice on what they do to their own bodies and children should not be subjected to this, especially because we do not know the long term effects. Parents should be allowed to protect their children without reprimand or repercussions.
It doesn’t make since to require the vaccine for children. Very few contract COVID and those that do have a 99% recovery rate. Parents need to be able to make these decisions for their family, not the state.
I strongly oppose the EUA Covid Vaccination for children 5-12. This vaccine has not had long term studies and the risk to children does not outweigh the harm. As an American senior citizen, I do not want young children put in harms way to protect my age group. We are responsible for ourselves. 
How can you mandate a vaccine that we have seen so many adverse effects with and have absolutely NO long term effects data on? Stop please!
This vaccine for children absolutely should NOT be authorized. Very few children are seriously harmed from Covid-19, and it's inhumane to subject our future generation to unknown long-term effects. I have friends severely damaged from the vaccines. Let's not also harm our innocent children with this madness. We should be focusing on therapeutics, not experimental gene therapy products. 
No to mandatory inoculation of children with drugs to prevent all Covid viruses.
There is no science behind children and COVID risk. Stop with this vaccine push. Too many questions and very few answers.
In the interest of public health for all please Include full COVID-19 vaccination in the required vaccinations for children to attend public school. 
Why us this being forced? Most kids have natural immunity already which is better than the percentage of protection the vaccines can offer them. Also, no complete trials have been completed. Many adults are dying after a dose, why risk our children health?
More people have died as a direct result of recieveing the vaccine than children have died since the beginning of the pandemic.
I am against COVID-19 Vaccines for children. They have a 99.9% survival rate. There is no need to have them vaccinated. There is more risk in vaccinating them than the virus.
The science does not confirm any basis for giving children 5-11 years old any vaccine for Covid. Dr. Rid Sheftall, an MIT Physics major and holds 3 surigical degrees has done the math. I Recommend no mandating and especially no mandating of giving the Covid vaccine to child 5-11 years old.
It is insane to vaccinate children who are statistically not at risk. It is especially unethical when there can be negative side effects, sometimes severe and we do not know the long term consequences of these new vaccines. It is unethical and irresponsible to administer these vaccines to children.
I’m totally against forced vaccination of any human being ! 
It doesn’t make sense to give it to children that age. The risk for potential side effects (like myocarditis) is much higher than the risk of dying from covid. Not to mention, all of the potential long term risks that are unknown because the vaccine has not been around long enough to be tested for those things. Giving this to children is insanity. 
I am a mother of 3 and am horrified that the government is pushing to vaccinate an age range that has such low risk of death or serious health complications from Covid.
I am adamantly opposed to the Federal government imposing more regulations related to Covid or any other issue that threatens private rights. The role of government is to protect my rights, not take them away. The right to choose should and must be left up to the parents and their Health Care Advisor.
The latest peer-reviewed research shows children have virtually ZERO risk of hospitalization and death from the COVID-19 virus. Furthermore, there are serious known risks of immediate harm and the unknown long-term risks from the vaccines to children. The only justification to inject children with a covid vaccine would be to increase profits for the drug companies. This is heinous and discusting. 
Please do NOT authorize COVID shots for children. Many adults have DIED from the shots - why should we subject our children to this same possibility. If you approve this, you will have blood on your hands.
This is unimaginable. There is little to zero risk for this group if they contract COVID-19. Vaccine risk is being reported in alarming numbers. To our leadership: we will not let this happen to our children. You're a parent. Leave a good legacy for your children and take a stand against this atrocity taking place before us.
My children are not lab rats! I took the shot for work unfortunately it was either get the vaccine or go homeless I have bills that do not pay themselves but you know what I will lose my job to stay home with my children and I know we will be okay I can get groceries for my family and we can enjoy life without the worry of the vaccine for their still growing and developing little bodies!! 
Only parents of minor children have the right to decide what goes into their bodies NOT the government! Their overreach is unconscionable not to mention the fact that this injection is pure poison! Keep your hands off of our children!!
No mandates for children. No mandates for anyone.
I am 100% opposed to this covid vaccine mandate and will not give it to my child. Current vaccines have taken way longer to help determine longer term side affects. Not doing it!! I will decide what is needed for my child
Please don't throw children out of their schools over vaccine mandates. How can you declare it's an emergency for 5 year olds when they are not in the high risk category.
I oppose Covid shots for children. There is no emergency to consider injecting children with this biologic. They are at great risk of harm taking these injections and basically no risk of harm from the actual virus. Please protect the interests of the people and stop these dangerous products.
Stop masking our children and forcing vaccines. There is little evidence to support the efficacy of either of these tactics to stop the spread of Covid. 
It has come to my attention that the FDA is considering approval of an experimental “vaccine” for children. This is unacceptable. I say absolutely not!! Leave the children alone.
Please do your job and do what's best for the people you serve!! Vote NO today and save lives !
It should be up to the parents if they want their child vaccinated or not. Plus there aren't any long term studies on these covid vaccines 
The Covid immunization should absolutely NOT be mandated for children AT ALL! There is no way to know long term side effects as there has not been nearly enough time allowed for issues to come to light. Also, vaccines do not prevent infection or the ability to carry the virus and children have ultra low serious infection rates anyway. No more mandating!!!! 
We’re already homeschooling to keep away from you. Forcing families to do whatever you want is criminal. 
Stop with the mandates! Allow people to make a choice in their own health. The vaccine has not proven to be as effective as originally sold to us and the risk from the injection is proving to be as much of a problem as the virus!
I do not feel children or any age, should be required to inject toxins from experimental vaccine, not a true vaccine, into their bodies. Especially when no one knows the side effects and how much damage can be done to their bodies!! It’s irresponsible and ludacris!!!
Due to the recent studies and actual facts that have come out regarding this vaccination, I suggest you stop it dead in its tracks now. All these people who are dying from this vaccine or are being physically harmed possibly permanently, their blood is going to be on your hands. Under the Nuremberg code this vaccine is totally illegal. If you don't want to end up in prison, stop the vaccine!
Please no vaccines for kids! There's too many side effects and too many unknowns. Plus kids don't get sick from it! Several of my grandkids had it and no worse than a common cold! Let parents make their own decisions regarding vaccines!
I am demanding the STOP of the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with the unproven and unsafe covid vaccine. I have grandchildren that live in the United States and I am advocating for their health and well being.
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUNDS FOR AUTHORIZING
I am writing to stand against forced vaccinations… we are tired of the tyranny! Hard working people are losing their incomes over this yet welfare recipients and immigrants are not required … this is communism! My children will not be your lab rats! You should be ashamed of yourselves!
I am against mandating children 5 years and older to receive the covid vaccine. Every parent should make that choice for their child. The effects of covid in children are mild and don't justify the risk of adverse reactions of the vaccine which has had alot of adverse reactions.
There will be a special place in the realm of karma for those who trade profits for the lives of children. Stop the whole failed program now and allow natural immunity to rid us of this virus.
The huge number of top scientists doctors nurses and specialists in our world have shown the va$$ine to be a dangerous , bio weapon .. we are more aware than the lying government officials think .. every panel member should see in their mind our children suffering for NO reason unless stupidity or corruption .. 
I will NOT putting anything into my child that is still considered experimental!!!! Children have a very low rate of even contracting this virus. Also children NEED to be exposed to germs to build their immune systems. Please have we not learned from simple science. I have.
I do not support mandates for our children. Mandating medicine for all violates our human rights. I’ve had several relatives die from blood clots suddenly after their shots this year; I will not be subjecting my additional family members to this vaccine.
I disagree with the giving of drugs to healthy children! This is a over reach of government!
Since chldren 5 - 11 survive COVID-19 at a rate of 99.99815% and the risk-benefit of "vaccination" shows greater risk than benefit, why should this action of innoculation even be considered? In addition, it is an experimental drug with no long-term safety studies. Please do the right thing by our children: NO, NO, NO to Covid "Vaccinations" (i.e. gene therapy) for children.
No No No I mean No Under Know NO NO My Spirit Says NO My Soul Says NO Shots any time Now or ever 
The testing, production, and understanding of this vaccination and its affects on the body are still far too new to be creating it for the youngest of us. With the survival rate so high, it is not warranted to create something that implicates a child’s responsibility to keep an adult safe. That is irresponsible, to say the least. Please do not manufacture COVID vaccinations for young children.
Stop the vaccination of children of all ages! Children have the highest recovery rate and will help build herd immunity. A vaccine is NOT necessary!
This should be the freedom of choice for parents to make.
Do not tread on OUR CHILDREN. You have no right to force anything into MY CHILD’S body! Children are not effected by this virus. This is just another link in the COMMUNISM chain. Save our country! 
The safety and efficacy of this so called vaccine are being exposed ever more each day. The truth is these are dangerous and NOT effective. Hundreds of thousands of people are being injured and killed by this experimental gene therapy treatment, and to give this to children is truly immoral, unjustified, and evil. These are crimes against humanity. STOP THE GENOCIDE. 
Docket No. FDA-2021-N-1088 for “Vaccines and Related Biological Products; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments.” DO NOT Mandate the Vax for Keiki .... are you people CRAZY???? children have a 99.99999% chance of being fine from this... a couple days sick... big deal... why do you want to POISON and Sterilize everyone? this is WRONG!!!!! 
This is child ..children are most likely to not be effected by this virus.all healthy people should stay away from these shots..they don't stop infection or the spread of it..this is child abuse. and after all the known problems from these gene therapy shots they shouldn't even be used.i say no to these and so should everyone that loves ...
Is Gavin newsoms children going to get it? How many other states are trying to make children get it? What happened to having a free country?!
You don't even have safety studies to back taking this gamble with our kids lives. And for kids already at low risk. It is insane that you are even considering this!
Please do not allow vaccines for young children. They pose no serious threat to their elders and the long term reactions or unknows of the vaccines could cause so much damage to our youth. Do not give them a life of health problems. Thank you
Do not want covid vaccine mandates forced upon children.
Please to do not pass EUA for 5-11 year olds. There has not been enough studies to know long term effects. 
I strongly oppose COVID-19 vaccines for children. Children are low risk to covid. The risk of adverse and terminal reactions to the vaccines are higher than COVID-19 itself. Please, please don’t make our youth mandatory to this experiment. 
This mandate is horrific. This mandate cannot be lawfully passed without going through the House and Senate. How can the FDA or other entitiea make a law without it going through the proper procedures? Also, a parent should make the decision for their child on whether their child should be vaccinated or not, not the government. This is too much government overreach and it needs to stop now.
The long term impact of these vaccinations are unknown. I am completely against vaccinating children with any of the Covid vaccines.
Do not mandate any medical decisions for children or adults. Medical decisions are part of our constitutional rights. My body my choice. FDA has no jurisdiction over ones body. That would constitute slavery. FDA is not a governing body. My body my choice. 
I strongly disagree with the posible mandate on vaccinated children. I believe it is the choice of a parent, what they prefer to do a to their right! I hope we continue to be a country with the freedom of choice!
We expect you to say NO unnecessary, harmful Injections to children 5-11 yo, These deadly injections have caused death to over 17,000 and harm to over 100,000 citizens. These deadly injections must be pulled from the market, TODAY
PLEASE do not subject our children to a Covid-19 vaccine via an emergency-use path; the evidence is pointing to the fact that this vaccine will cause more harm than any good. Honor The Nuremberg Code.
I am vehemently opposed to vaccinating ALL children especially the 5 to 12-year-olds. Our children are not your animal trail specimens! Even if FDA approval is received soon, it’s too quick a rush to judgment!
Please do not mandate this. Medical practices should be a choice. No child or parent should be forced to put anything in their bodies, especially one that could create potential allergens, physical harm or death. I urge you to say no to this and let parents make the choice that is best for their child. 
The population under consideration for this so-called vaccine posed virtually NO risk for children. Thus the risk/benefit analysis determines that NO child should be part of this EVIL science experiment. NO to COVID 19 shots for kids!!
As a parent who is highly invested in my child's health and well-being, I oppose any mandatory COVID vaccine for children.
Don’t mandate vaccines for our kids, don’t do it! Leave the decision to the parents!
As medical professionals you should know better than to ok new and leaky "vaccines " to children. Politics should have no place in this arena. Shame on you for even thinking about it.
No case has been made to mandate any COVID vaccines, for children or adults. Please leave healthcare decisions in the hands of the individuals.
There is no way I will allow my children to receive ANY Covid vaccines. Ever. We have all had Covid and made it just fine. Do not mandate this, it will (continue) to do more harm then good. My husband and I are both in healthcare and well informed. We are their parents, and no one can mandate my child take a gene therapy that is absolutely unnecessary. 
I am totally opposed to approve vaccines for children 5-11. There odds of getting extremely sick from Covid are very slight and the rates of deaths for them are 99.95% which is considerably lower than lots of other diseases. 
No thank you, let parents and their doctors choose what is best for THEIR kid!
Please Oppose EUA vax on kids 5 to 11. Please please don’t mandate our precious children to get this vaccination for covid. 
I am writing in opposition to the approval of Pfizer’s covid vaccination to be approved for children 5-11. The percent of children that actually get sick is minuscule. There are so many reports of reactions that should absolutely not be ignored. 
Hello, do not mandate the Covid vaccine for children. Their bodies are still developing and they are not at all at high risk for Covid. It should be a choice. The shot would not prevent transmission either. Do not force this, leave it up to families to decide what is best for their child. 
Children should not be required to take the COVID vaccine —- only parents should make that decision—- children are not at serious risk and vaccinated adults are as likely as the unvaccinated to carry the virus 
I am very much opposed to vax mandates for children and for all peopleThs is un constitutional, violates our rights. God help our government, please seek God's help. Praying for an end to all mandates.
I am fully against covid vaxines for children. The illness is not a threat to kids, and we have not fully tested the jab, therefore making it a threat to our kids. It is crazy to start using this the risk does not outway the reward by any imagination. Pure stupidity. No to child VACCINATION!
Please do not allow covid vaccinations for children of any age. Thank you for taking my request into consideration. With well wishes,Lisa-Carina Watersnake
SHOVE YOUR DEATH JAB UP YOUR FAT GRUBERMENT PARASITIC ASSES. WE WILL NOT COMPLY...EVER!
Please DO NOT MANDATE these shots for kids. Children are not affected by Civid. There is a 99.9% survival rate and these shots are causing, paralysis & myocarditis, especially in boys. Please, please, please do not mandate this. It is causing death and way more harm than good. It should be a choice.
Children do NOT need the COVID vaccine! Their immunity is good. Their risk of the COVID virus isn’t even high! Also the vaccine hasn’t had the time to be researched and studied so giving it to children or anyone for that matter now just makes them test subjects. 
Do not approve this for children! It’s not necessary! 
STOP the mandate and approval for children to be vaccinated with Covid 19 vaccine. It’s unproven and unsafe!!!!
I do not agree with you approving vaccines for school aged children. They are the least affected by this virus. This will force people to make a choice that leaves out freedom of choice for them.
I'm in shock that this is happening. A lot more kids for from other means besides covid. Kids have a better chance of getting struck by lightning than dying from covid. Please do not approve this for children. Or bodies fight illness well on their own without man-made interventions. Especially when we are young. 
You all are trying to commit genocide. Leave our children alone!
Please do not approve vaccinations for young children. Statistics indicate that the risk of getting very ill from COViD is very low, for this age group. Also, side effects from the vaccine may be worse than the virus itself for some children.
Please stop this consideration of vaccination for children under 12! They do not need it for their health and in fact we know of many cases whereby vaccine injury has occurred. End this discussion please as it poses a real threat to our children's future!
We should wait for safety and efficacy trials to be completed before giving children vaccines. 
Kids don't get the fake coved/flu and then "vaccines" don't work if you can still gat it. Refer to Colin Powell 
I do not approve this for my children, the long term side effects are not known and the short term ones that we know of are quite concerning, I don't see the point of this for children when they rarely have problems from actual disease
I opposed FDA of force vaccination on kids! It should be the parents choice. 99% kids don't get covid or recover from it.
Please do not mandate this. Truthfully we do not have enough data to know the long term effects this may have on young, developing bodies!!! Very few children in this age bracket are even getting ill with this virus. This is not good or safe science.
Vaccines are a personal choice for everyone. No way should a mandate be considered for anyone. It is hideous and shameful that a mandate to “vaccine” children 5-12 at the FDA. We are the United States of America. Stand up FDA. You are in the United States of America not China!!!
My husband and i are strongly against this vaccine . The children have suffered enough from the pandemic. They do not need an experimental vaccine in their innocent young bodies ! So many innocent kids are injured from this vaccine , enough is enough 
I do not agree with the Covid vaccine being approved for children 5-12. I do not think the benefits outweigh the risks. 
Although I have been vaccinated, I do not believe that vaccinations should be mandated for any person, whether an adult or a child. We are a free country and that is the way I wish our country to remain. 
This is not a pandemic and the FDA has no business discussing mandating the vax on children when it has no authority to so. The FDA is a joke and attempting to do this is just more proof it is also criminal— and Americans are aware of it. I suggest you read the Constitution and stop playing god before you land yourselves in Gitmo for crimes against humanity. 
 These vaccines should not be administered to children. Children have been the least effected by the virus. There has not been enough research of the adverse reactions and long term impacts. Giving the vaccines to children when the research hasn’t been done, should simply not be an option. 
Please do not vaccinate the children that are 5-11 ! Our numbers have dropped so far !! Children of these ages are not getting sick from Covid and certainly none are hospitalized! It’s become the common cold and this idea of vaccinating them makes no sense! Please do not allow this to happen! 
Good afternoon! Unfortunately, the COVID-19 vaccine has dangerous side effects for children and adults alike, and proven largely ineffective at preventing the spread of the virus in the first place. It should not be even considered as mandatory for Kids! Thank you in advance!
Do not approve this vaccine for children. Wait 10 years before adding it to any type of vaccine schedule - it is too new. Children are safe, they are not at risk. There is more risk associated with the vaccine than the disease in this age group. Adults can protect themselves they do not need the kids to be vaccinated. Just Stop. 
Children could be in more danger from vaccine than the Covid 19 disease itself.The vaccine has not received enough safety studies to warrant it now and the adverse events could easily be worse than the disease itself.If Children should contract Covid they have recovered with their own immunity working for them.
Kids are not spreaders of Covid. Kids are mostly asymptotic. There’s no need for the vaccine in children. The vaccine never stopped the virus from spreading. 
Do not approve the Covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds. Testing needs to be much longer. The vaccine is more dangerous than the illness.
Mandating vaccinations for any child under 18, but especially age 5-11 is dangerous, inappropriate use of coercion and force and unconstitutional. Children should not be subjected to an experimental vaccine - it should be left to choice. Please help us and allow us to protect our children. Please. Will you vaccinate your own children and grand children with this? 
Mandating a vaccine on all Americans is unconstitutional and un-American. Government officials should never threaten Americans with loss of their jobs. Mandating actions like this sounds and looks more like the Soviet union and Chinese communist tactics.
I am solidly opposed to compulsory Covid vaccinations for children. This demographic is not vulnerable, and this experimental shot should not be administered to our children until long-term studies are complete.
Children SHOULD NOT be receiving COVID19 injections. They are not at risk if they get COVID but can suffer great harm from the shot, as we have seen with other age groups-adverse reactions and DEATH. And there’s no way of knowing the LONG TERM effects of this. DO NOT experiment on children. 
There is absolutely no reason to mandate this vaccine for children as they have a 99.98% survival rate. Think about their health. Their have been too many complications for children already. Please leave it up to the discretion of each parent 
We do not want mandatory covid vaccinations for children 5-11. They pose very little risk of getting it/ passing it. Many young people are having severe reactions to the vaccination especially heart issues and it is totally unknown what this could do to them in the future. There are too many unknowns. Please !! No vaccinations for small children ( or youth)
It is time to step up and end this madness. Please do not harm our children. 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. There is no need for this, they are not super spreaders. Do the right thing so you can sleep at night. You cannot put a $ sign on any child
Over my dead body will anyone touch my children with this poison. I dare you to try. 
Please no. Mandate clinical trials before children vaccines please.
Data and studies from around the world have found the vaccine side effects profile for children to be worse than the virus, especially young boys. This is unnecessary at best and potentially damaging short term with unknown long term outcomes. In addition the protection is not long lasting so the benefits are not in line with the risks.
What is the absolute and relative risks of this vaccine for children 5-12 years old? I will not subject my children to this treatment. 
Do not agree with this vaccine mandate for children. I am a mother of 3, ages 9,7, and 4 and will not be making my children get this vaccine that does not have enough long term study. My children are in a charter homeschool hybrid and I will not hesitate to pull them out and homeschool them privately if that is necessary. 
Our right to choose is constitutional. My health and my body are MY BUSINESS. Same for children. How dare you try to implement vaccines for children trying to get an education. This is NOT FREEDOM 
I am concerned about mandating a vaccine to children when their bodies are still developing. The research of this vaccine for such young children and the long term effects are still to be studied. 
Is everything about power and money? I understand that you are putting people in this dangerous train ride of continuous vaccination because you concider us like ants . Small and worthless .But kids too? Have you lost all of your humanity ? Probably you never had humanity . Only profits in your mind . Discasting...
Leave our children alone!! We all know how extremely dangerous and toxic these “vaccines” are. Put an end to it! God is calling you to REPENT and turn away from this evil. 
How absolutely disgusting that you would advise or mandate this to be injected in a child when you know damn well this is not approved! This establishment is a disgrace!
Vaccines are not safe and effective for everyone. Unfortunately, it is not known who will be adversely effected. Children have a robust immune system and only need nutrition and exercise to maintain it. Please do not jeopardize our children by allowing this vaccine to be approved. May you answer to God if you do. 
Children 5-11 are the least affected by covid. This demographic also has the highest survival rate. There are not enough studies & not enough evidence to mandate the covid shots ESPECIALLY for kids 5yrs- 11yrs old. I’m begging you to please DO NOT pass this or mandate the shot for our kids.
No 5-11 year old has the clear mental ability to know anything about these vaccines. To say yes to them as a child is purely because they are pressured into it. This is a parent’s parental right to allow vaccination or not. And there has not been enough clear research on these vaccines to get all the bad side effects worked out and now is it ok to give them to our next generation? 
The so-called vaccines are bio-weapons. I don't care how much money has been thrown your way; do not come after our children!
There is not enough data to know the long term effects of the covod vaccine if mandated for children. This should NOT be done
I am in opposition to Covid vaccine mandates for children. They are at the lowest risk. This is not supported by the evidence we have seen over the last year and a half. They do not need it. If a parent feels they should have it? Fine. But no mandates. 
Please do not force our children to get a vaccine for a virus that has a 99% survivability rate and also doesn't prevent getting covid-19. 
Please do not mandate or approve COVID vaccine for children. You have no ide of the long term effects this will have. It has already been proven not to work!
Our kids do NOT need a shot for something that their recovery rate is so positive. This is an experimental drug and how dare you use our children for it! FDA is no longer credible. 
Such a very tiny small percentage of children are affected by the disease. PleAse do not mandate vaccinations for children ages 5-12.
Our children are the future of our country. Please do not approve for them to take an experimental shot that has a higher risk of harm than help for someone that age. It is not right because their immune system can handle a virus pretty good and their risk of dying from the virus is extremely low. Thank you for your time.
The COVID vaccine for children 5-12 should not be an experiment on our future of our country. Children are not prone to COVID being a threat to their health. The recovery rate is 99.98%, which seems ridiculous to require a vaccine for this. To many stories of teens with myocarditis and blood clots, this is not to be injected into 5-12 year olds. 
These vaccines do not have enough long term testing for safety. Please do not make my children guinea pig!! We should have a choice on what our children receive as medical treatments. It's unethical to experiment on people let alone children. Please reconsider your vaccine approval for children. Thank you
Children are more at risk of unknown complications by FAR than by COVID. There should absolutely not be an FDA approval for these vaccines for children of all ages. 
I do not agree with making it mandatory to give the Covid vaccine to children or any citizen who doesn’t want it.
Experimental vaccines should not be used on children. Do what you want with adults but leave the children alone.
Please do not subject our children to this. This experimental drug doesn’t protect adults, and has harmed so many people. Please stop this madness. 
VRBPAC, FDA, et al.: Leveraging the EUA, to be made mandatory for children ages 5-11, is a significant misstep in ensuring the greatest good for the greatest number.
I object to mandatory COVID vaccine for children from birth to 18 years of age. 
Stop trying force our children into this ridiculous vaccine. Children are not at risk & this is 100% abuse!!
This vaccine is very dangerous for kids. It causes older people to have health problems, and a lot of people die from it. For children it will cause so much more problems. I don’t want our kids future be like this, with people citing earlier and with lots of Heath issues. Please think about the future of our kids. What are we doing with our kids generation? We should stop this nonsense!
No mandate for children!! Too much is unknown! Please for the love of God DO NOT do this. I fear for my children's health and safety with this vaccine. Please Dear God, watch over our children and keep them safe
I am speaking for myself and those who cannot speak for themselves. We disagree with being forced to take an experimental drug, we really disagree with forcing this experimental drug on our children of all ages. I remind you of the Nuremberg code. We the people will not be tolerating you experimenting on our children. No vaccine mandate for any American. 
There is a near 100% recovery rate for kids (and the vast majority of adults) - this is absolutely NOT necessary! Children are our future, and the risks of the vaccine outweigh the risks of the actual disease. I implore you to search your soul and look at the facts! Side with the truth!!!
Absolutely not under any circumstances should an experimental vaccine with a continually declining efficacy be given to any children.
It is well known that the vaccine will kill more children than it saves. Please do not mandate this new vaccine for children. 
Our kids are not animals to be tested . Concerned parents
We must stop the mandate for the vaccine for children - must stop all mandates for all! Should have the freedom of choice!
We should not be giving our children an experimental vaccine. Our bodies have an amazing robust immune system that can fight viruses and build an immune system instead of break it down. 
Stand up for our children and kill this mandate!! Children should be taught the TRUTH. Dr Fauci worked hard with our American money to take a sickness found in nasty bats in China and sicken and kill people. Fauci is a LIAR. His intention is to harm people. He is one of the creeps you don't get in the car with. DON'T TAKE HIS "MEDICINE"!!! 
The Covid vaccine has had numerous bad effects on different ages and you know it this cannot be fda approved for children 
You have no right to inject an experimental substance into children no matter what age they are!! People are dying from the vaccine and you are pushing it on our children?? You need to stop this madness NOW!!
I am very concerned about the side effects of this gene therapy. There are no long term studies on children. Please do not approve for children 5-11.
Experiments has to be done on mice not on children! Totally against it 
Children are not a significant threat to the elderly and vulnerable as most COVID cases are spread from adults to children.
Please no mandatory vaccinesFreedom to choose. Read the articles from the Father's of our country. God we Trust Our bodies made from GODWE HAVE A RIGHT TO CHOOSE IF WE NEED A MEDICINE ITS UP TO US. CHOICE FIRST! I'll be praying 
My husband and I stand tall and confirmed that we say NO TO COVID VACCINATIONS FOR KIDS AGES 5-11 years of age!!!
Please do more research on the long term affects of this vaccine before requiring children to get it. I’m all for giving people the choice, but please don’t make it mandatory. There has to be more long term research on it before it can be mandatory.
No to COVID vaccinations of 5-11 yo. PLEASE! These are dangerous and not needed at this time.
We will not allow anyone to vaccinate our kids and our families ! You want civil war try to force vaccinate our kids !! From a strong caring mother in Texas 
Vaccines for children should not be mandated. Numbers/science does not support children needing them, and the vaccines are still under the EUA. We do not have enough data to make them mandatory. Let’s allow vaccination to remain a CHOICE between doctors and parents. 
5-11 year olds are at greater risk of vaccine complications than they are from COVID-19 -DO NOT APPROVE 
My children my choice we will not stand for any vaccination mandate. God is in control not the government. We live in a free country stop stealing our freedom. End this mandate now. 
We do not want mandates for vaccines for our children!!!!!
I ave 3 grandchildren, all the adults in our family about 10 at the time had covid. The kids were around us the whole time and did not catch the covid illness. It is very wrong to inject my grandchildren, or my children with this shot.Do not make this a routine to inject children with this concoction. Do you really want to go there. Say no to the shot for children!!
No vaccines should be mandated I should be able to choose what is best for my children not the govt. They are stepping on our rights as people and this should be stopped.
We are against the vaccination for children ages 5-12.
Do not approve this injection for kids. The lack of long term data make this much more risk to the child than their negligable risk of becoming seriously ill with this virus. 
Please do not let politics affect your decision to approve this. It is inappropriate for any president to call for a approval/mandate before the FDA has ruled on it. Either it puts politics or gives the appearance of putting politics before the science. 
Believe parents, not government should be able to decide if they want their young children vaccinated or not until sufficient research is done on short and long term effects of vaccine.
I am strongly opposed to COVID vaccinations for children as young as five. These are unnecessary and insufficiently tested. I will vote against any elected official who supports these vaccinations.
Children bodies need protection from the chemicals and the vaccinations which can harm them for life, often causing their death. Please stop this plan immediately and save our children from danger as is our duty and role as adults. Thank you.
Please stop force vaccinations of our nation's children. 
Children are not at risk for this virus so recommending its use has no benefit.
Please do not experiment on our children. This is so wrong. These kids do not need this poison. Do the right thing and fight for safe vaccines! You harmed so many already. 
I do not think children 5-12 years old should be approved to get the covid vaccine because the vaccine has not been tested long enough for long term side effects.
I want to voice my strong opposition to vaccinating young children ages 5 to 11. They do not suffer great reaction or illness from Covid. There are many more unknown consequences from the vaccines. There is no reason to put you down children at risk. Please do not approve for children ages 5 to 11. 
I DO NOT want my children to be experimented on. I DO NOT approve of mandated vaccines. The health risks of the vaccine is too high and that is only want little we know about it. 
There is zero difference from the placebo group and the test injection group. This means their is zero risk and forcing vaccinations is uncalled for, not an emergency, especially amongst a group that was never in danger to begin with. Please stop this money grab and please vote with our children in mind. This should be a choice, but not mandated. 
It is wrong and upsurd to mandate a vaccine that has no studies of long term effects. It should be a choice. It’s our duty to protect. This vaccine is known to cause death and long term effects. Which is all the reason NOT to mandate it, especially for children who have no say. 
I completely object to any mandatory vaccine, this has not completed clinical trials and Covid has a very high survival rate. How about mandating exercise, vitamins and healthy eating. 
It’s wrong and sick to impose this mandate on our children!
Leave the kids alone. Parents are responsible for the Heath of the family not the government. I do not agree. 
I'm TOTALLY against giving these kill shots out to anyone let alone our children and grandchildren!
More testing needs to be done before any further vaccinations for covid continue. The process has been to rushed. Children are not at high risk and should definitely not be vaccinated with these shots. It’s immoral to push these new vaccines on innocent children. 
Please dont recommend these vaccines for our children. You know its political and not based upon science. 
Why in the world would you mandate a vaccine that has shown to have numerous adverse issues, especially among young males. The Covid virus is not dangerous to young people according to all reports. This vaccine technology has no long term studies, but you want to possibly endanger all children as guinea pigs for no significant reason. 
As a parent, I’d like to be able to make the decision on behalf of my child’s health and vaccines. I’m not anti vaccine but I am anti mandate. I don’t believe that this is a necessary vaccine for children. It is against the law to enter a child into a medical trial without consent of a parent. I decline for this vaccine to be mandated or required for school. 
I’m strongly against ANY mandated medical treatment. The parents have sole responsibility for any side-effects that could hurt or kill their child, so they must be able to freely make their choice in the best interest of their child. Thank you.
Please do not allow these vaccine to be given to children. I am a cardiologist and I have already seen myocarditis in healthy individuals who have recently recieved the vaccine. The absolute risk of covid death for them is exceedingly low if it happens at all. They cannot give informed consent.
I and literally everyone I’ve spoken with is against mandates period and especially for our children who are statistically not at high risk for Covid. Please protect the children! 
Children are at very little risk of dying from covid but at great risk per your information of developing myocarditis from these shots. Vote no. Give them more vitamin D, C, zinc and less sugar
Let me jyst put it to you. Concerned parents will no allow this to hapoen to their little ones. Hands off our children!! Back off!!! Enough is enough. This whole v thing is a crime against humanity. Nuremburg 2.0 Stop now!!
It is against our Constitutional rights to force a vaccination on people. This Administration took an Oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States and they have BROKEN that oath. The adverse reactions of this EXPERIMENTAL vaccine have not been truthfully reported and this illegal mandate must STOP now! 
There is no reason to put our children in harms way. No on this vaccine mandate!
Please don't think of making this experimental drug a requirement for young kids. I will home school them if I need to. This is so UNAMERICAN! Even other countries we frown upon don't do this to their people! Stop this madness and the fake pandemic. It's not about money anymore. Your pharmaceutical issues already got paid in advance for these deadly vaccines.
 No vaccine mandates for children! This should be a very personal decision between parents and physician. Our children are not guinea pigs.
Children are our future. These vax mandates are unethical, immoral and threaten the health of our children. Leave the innocent children alone!
The risk of Covid and severe side effects to Covid in young children is minimal and the risk to the vaccine long term is still unknown. A parent should have the right to decide if their child should take the vaccine 
The so-called coronavirus is a computer made disease to reduce the population to meet the Cabal's agenda. You have already killed hundred of thousands, including a friend who took the vaccine and died 3 days later. Stop all forced vaccinations immediately and don't even consider forcing it on children.
Children should not be vaccinated. 99.9% of children who contract Covid will survive. This is an unnecessary vaccine. There are not enough studies completed that show evidence of safety. I am completely against it.
Children do not need to be given this experiential shot ! Leave the kids alone !!!! They are not even at risk !!!! PLEASE be a good human being and do what’s right ! 
Children pose very little risk of contracting, having severe illness with, and spreading the covid virus. A vaccine is not necessary.
Allowing children ages 5-11 to take this vaccine is pointless and dangerous! Adults and teenagers are having life threatening heart issues after receiving the vaccine. This is even more a threat to younger children who pose no threat to getting covid. 
PLEASE DO NOT APPROVE THESE VACCINES FOR CHILDREN!! THERE IS ABDOLUTELY NO NEED FOR THIS AS THEY ALREADY HAVE VERY STRONG IMMUNITY!! ADDITIONALLY, THE ADVERSE REACTIONS COULD BE FAR WORSE AS A RESULT!! AGAIN, PLEASE DO NOT ALLOW THIS!!! THANK YOU
Absolutely NOT!! Parents should have the right to say no to a vaccine!! Children don’t get super sick with Covid. The madness needs to stop. NO NO NO NO NO to forced vaccinations especially children. 
Stop with the insanity of victimizing & violating children with the experimental Covid Vaccine. We the adults are entrusted to protect the children so start doing your jobs right and end the vaccine mandates!
This absolutely not safe to subject our children to this vaccine. They are just developing not enough data!
I do not agree with giving the children the vaccines they do not know yet if there are linguring side effects. The gov. is trying to take to much control of our lives as it is'. 
Hi,I have two boys ages 7 and 8 who are healthy and have been exposed to coronavirus on multiple occasions and never got it. I do not want them to get a vaccine that is new and they don’t know all the side effects yet. If you mandate them to get them I will pull them out of public school. 
There is no need to be vaccinating children for a strain of the cold. This manipulation is being brought to light and I will continue to fight for the rights of all human beings, but definitely our countries youth. This is still an experiment...Please use your heart and soul to make the right decision and stop trying to take away our sovereign rights from God.
I'm absolutely against using our children as guinea pigs for an mnra gene therapeutic shot disguized as a vaccine. Do not approve the Pfizer or any other mnra shot for use on children. 
Please stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine.
As a physician I would not recommend this vaccine for young children. There are still too many questions regarding myocarditis, especially after second dose. What are we trying to solve for when this group's risk is negligible?
I am opposed to mandatory covid vaccines for anyone and especially our children. Wake up … do not allow this to happen. 
Stop using o children as lab rats! This virus is not lethal to children and the vast majority of adults. I will not be subjecting my children to an experimental drug. The mandates ridiculous and illegal and we are being treated as if we live in a communist country. Please and all the vaccine mandates and work on therapeutic to actually treat people with this virus
Do NOT violate law and common sense with a requirement for children to participate in biological gene therapy. The children have a 99.99% survival rate in one study. There needs to be more studies for gene therapy is irreversible and our children will be our leaders in our old age. There’s already evidence of high reaction tendencies that begs further research.
If you approve this experimental, potentially deadly vaccine for young children it will confirm you are a totally corrupt, not trustworthy govt agency that should be eliminated for the safety of the American people. 
There is not nearly enough data, and trials done for this vaccine. Especially for our youth, who have such a high survival rate. Mandating such a vaccine is absurd and disgusting. WE the people should have a choice. WE the parents should have a choice. Not the government. There are far too many unknowns with this so called ‘vaccine’ and my children will not be taking part in this experiment.
I am firmly against the COVID-19 vaccination for anyone under the age of 18! You have zero data to go off of that this is safe in any type of a short or long term capacity for our children. Here’s a better idea… Why don’t you make a vaccine manufacturers responsible for injury...
Absolutely do NOT try to mandate these experimental shots for kids! They're not your lab rats. Stop the lies & insanity.
My son is vaccine injured.My nieces and nephews are vaccine injured.This vaccine is unnecessary and poisoning the next generation of children. This is an evil agenda, crimes against humanity and mass genocide. God wins in the end. Hope to see you all on trial for this atrocity!!!! 
How can this be considered as a necessary EUA in this age cohort?
We do not need to make our kids take this shot. Their bodies are developing and have strong immunity and this shot has shown what it can do to kids. We know the government will never admit it but the facts are out there. 
Vaccinating children against a virus for which they have a 99.9997% survival rate is unconscionable.
Please oppose the approval of the Covid 19 vaccine for children ages 5-11. The data shows severe illness in this age group is rare. The long term effects of this vaccine are unknown and our children should not be used as test subjects. 
This is insane. You already have 17,000 reported deaths in adults via VAERS. Leave our kids alone. 
It is insane to force kids between 5 to 12 years old to take the covid vaccine。 The long term side effects of this new vax is still unknown which needs at least ten years time. Also，covid is not fatal to younger kids，there is no need for them to take the vaccine。
We are asking our elected officials to stop this madness and to truly understand and listen to the actual impact of Covid to our children. Their lives and their health are too important. The vaccine is not necessary for all adults and should no way be considered as an option for most children. It is up to us to protect them. We need you to help us make sure all parents have a voice and a choice.
99.99% survive Covid . Why are we mandating this? Side effects are worse than help .
There is no proof whatsoever that our children are at risk to the extent that we would need to vaccinate them against covid 19 anymore than we would need to mandate the flu shot. Leave our children and future alone! This is a parenting decision based on individual family values. Shame on you for interjecting yourself where you do NOT belong.
Keep government out of personal decisions. We need more research. What is happening to America? Freedom is being whittled away. Bills are including to much. We are loosing our integrity as a nation. 
Parents have a right to weigh the risks of either getting an experimental mRNA vaccine or getting covid, and making the best decision for their children and their families. It is also a breach of some religious beliefs to inoculate children, let alone adults. Please respect the informed decisions of parents.
Children do not need to be vaccinated. Stop putting profits over health. These are NOT proven safe and nobody should be test subjects for the drug companies, especially our children! 
Apparently, we are misusing science. Although I'm highly provaccine for kids, in this case, kids under 12 should not be mandate to take the coronavirus vaccine. 
Do not vaccinate our children!They do not need it. There are too many side effects, including myocarditis
Giving this untested vaccine that obviously has issues with killing and maiming adults to children is a bad idea. In the history of bad ideas, this one reigns supreme. If your intention is to kill thousands of children, then by all means, continue. But if killing thousands of children bothers you, think again. 
The FDA should not approve or encourage the covid 19 vaccines for children under age 12. Young children have practically a 0 risk of dying from covid and should not be put at risk of death or harmful adverse reactions from the vaccines. Please don’t twist the science to profit the corporations at the expense of innocent children. 
I strongly disagree with any mandate to vaccinate children with the COVID 19 “vaccine”. We will not comply should such a mandate be enacted. My wife and I (not the Goveenment) will decide how best to raise and care for our children. The potential risks of prolonged injections via the “vaccine” and its corresponding boosters outweigh the minuscule risk of a severe case of the actual virus.
Over the last 18 months COVID has been proven to have little to no morbidity and mortality in the pediatric population. Mandating this vaccine for children is not necessary and should not be considered. Medical freedom should be between a physician and their patients and the patient's parents. Sweeping mandates are out of line. Stop the overreaching! 
It is too soon to tell the long term effects of this drug. Please do not put mandates on our children. These kids are our future. Together we rise and divided we fall. This will only create more division. 
Please stop telling us we need something that is not needed. Stop the mandates on any and all vaccines.Stop thinking you know what's best for any one other than your self. Let us choose what gose in our bodies. How we take care of our kids. There are no numbers showing that our kids need a vaccine for covid19. There is data on the side affects.Please stop all this Now.
A child has a better chance of being hit by lightning than they do of dying from the Fauci Flu. Stop this madness of putting trillions more dollars in big Pharmas pockets.
I believe that mandates for children is unjust for those who don’t have a voice to speak for themselves. 
Government should not be able to mandate covid shots.
The benefits of the vaccine do not out weigh the risks in children. Research shows that there is a greater risk of a child developing an adverse reaction or death from the vaccine at a higher rate than from contracting Covid-19. 
I am opposed to mandating Covid vaccines in children. 
I’m very concerned with the FDA approval so quickly for young children. Most vaccines go through a lengthy trial to see what the he long term side affects would be. With the likelihood of a youth able to withstand getting extremely ill from the virus, there should be no reason for approval now and could wait while trials continue. 
How do you approve an experimental vaccine without long term testing?What are the negative effect of this vaccine? Why vaccinate against something that you have a 98-99% chance of survival. I know several young people that got myocarditis shortly after the vaccine. I strongly urge you not to approve this vaccine until long term testing has been completed. 
No way! I thought we lived in America, the vaccine Gestapo needs to stop. 
Please do not enforce the covid vaccine to children. Children have a 99.99% chance of surviving covid, and it is nit fair to children to be the experiment. There is no long term evidence proving or disproving if the vaccine has side effects. Please make the vaccine parents choice not forced. Please protect our children, they are our future and your decisions depend on them. Thank You. 
I oppose vaccine mandates for children. Statistically children are more likely to die from drowning than COVID-19 or its variants. The sample size and duration for testing the vaccine on children is woefully lacking. This is experimentation on our children in a willfully irresponsible way. I encourage and implore that you stop this mandate. 
I recommend you reject the application.Have you reviewed the number of deaths reported on VAERS related to this shot and compared that to the death rate of children from COVID-19?Can you name one logical (not emotional) benefit to an individual who gets this shot?Can you name one logical (not emotional) benefit to parents who wish to have this shot given to their child? 
This vaccine should not be mandated for anyone, especially children. Their bodies are better equipped to handle covid than the side effects and mysteries of this vaccine. 
I do not consent. Allow parents to choose what’s best for their children. This is not a dictatorship there should never be any requirements for people to do something. 
As a parent and grandparent I am appalled that the FDA is considering approving the COVID-19 MRNA shots for children of any age. Statistics show children are the least likely of the population to get CoVid, and should they become sick they are almost 100% likely to recover. The shots however have had an alarming rate of damage to children’s health. This trial must be stopped.
We do NOT want our kids taking this ! No mandate ! Will right tooth and nail against this and keep my kids out of school rather than take this unproven shot. Not at all trusting that it is safe. We already had Covid and don’t need it!
Children do not need this shot. They are not a threat to anyone (including the elderly and vulnerable as most COVID cases are spread from adults to children.)There are ZERO adequate long-term safety studies of mRNA covid vaccines because the placebo group was “unblinded” and allowed to get the vaccine.This is unacceptable and should never be allowed.
Children have little to no risk. It would be preferable if we can wait much longer to assure the safety of this new vaccine on adults before giving it to young children. In any case I believe choice is extremely important. 
No emergency use authorization for the Pfizer-BioNTech's COVID-19 mRNA vaccine for ages 5-11. The risk of COVID to this demographic does not even begin to outweigh the risks of this vaccine that have been observed in 12+ demographics.
These products are not well tested. There are no long term safety studies. Covid is not a threat to children and these vaccines cause harm. The risk-benefit ratio does not justify this measure.
Do not approve these experimental vaccines for children. They are not at risk of COVID and should never ever be the subjects of an experimental drug!!! The risks are unknown and this is a disgrace! Enough with all of these horrific mandates. Leave the children alone.
Stop forcing vaccinations that are doing more harm than good, and definitely do not begin vaccinating children who are at nearly zero risk from Covid. 
Please do not mandate the covid vaccine. Not anywhere. Tyranny is not the next right answer, let the individual decide for themselves. 
The COVID vaccine should be treated as the flu vaccine, as it is a vaccine that is used to lessen the severity of a virus. COVID is a virus, not a disease. Nobody, at any age, should be forced or manipulated into taking the vaccine. 
This is unconstitutional and needs to stop!! There are effective treatments and therefore no need for emergency use according to your own guidelines!!
As a mother of a 3 year, please approve this mandate. It's a stepping stone to greater vaccine coverage and hopefully the next age group (under 5). My daughter goes to daycare and I see firsthand how illnesses spread quickly. The minimal risks are outweighed by the benefits and grave consequences of inaction. 
Does the government impose taking away a women’s right to bare more children although they’re on welfare with several already? No, because it’s taking away our constitutional rights. So why are they trying to mandate vaccines across the board that are harming us? 
There’s absolutely zero reason to vaccinate children. This should be a parents decision for something that has already injured children and caused a large number of myocarditis! Leave the children alone. 
Do not mandate tgis for children. There has not been enough testing ti know if its safe long term for adults let alone children. You could be condeming an entire generation to life long health problems. Please i beg you do not mandate this for children...
No mandate without government and pharmaceutical liability after testing and adverse effects publication. Full transparency.
It doesn’t make sense to inoculate these children when the vaccine doesn’t stop one from catching and spreading. So how can this benefit children or anyone one around them? How do we know that there won’t be long term effects on children. Please reconsider. Please don’t inoculate the children. Please put them first and not politics. Thank you 
America's Frontline doctors has hundreds of doctors who have testified that children are not in danger from the covid virus. Please don't pander to big pharma and greed and subject children to the potential unknown long term effects of MRNA gene therapy experiments,
You can't ignore the deaths and injuries being caused by these shots. You also need to tell people the truth about the approved shot not being available in the US right now. Stop lying to the people. You have a lot of blood on your hands and if you approve this for children 5-11, you will be stacking bodies. Don't do it.
Please do not approve these vaccines for the kids. If it harms even one precious child this will be a preventable tragedy. It will be forced into every little arm in our state.
I am urging the FDA to NOT authorize the covid 19 vaccine for children 5-12. This age group has an extremely minimal risk of death. PLEASE do the right thing by NOT authorizing this vaccine. 
Saying no to the jab. There are other medicines that work to take care of covid 19. There are too many deaths and permanent disabilities associated with this vaccine! More research needs to be done. People have the right to not be forced to take it against their will
NO mandates for our children! There has not been enough testing on children and the youth who have had the shots are having adverse reactions. More testing needs to be done to ensure the safety of our kids. 
Hello. I’m requesting the FDA delay the covid shot for children 5-11. These children are our future. Our most precious commodity. There has not been sufficient long term data on its efficacy and adverse reactions. There is no telling what long term damage this shot can cause adults let alone children. There must be someone brave enough to stand up within the FDA and say “ENOUGH!”
No to vaccine mandates! Parents have the right to decide for their children!
These shots have not been tested thoroughly and should not be used on our children for a virus that barely even affects them. There needs to be much more testing done before you start giving it to more people. Please stop!!!
No one should have the right to force something in their body they do not want!! Parents should have the right to choose WhT goes in the body of their children! No to the covid vaccine’s poison!!!!
Please consider the long term effects and do not issue covid vaccinations for kids 5-11.
Never before have children been used as shields for adults. The necessity of a vaccine for kids 5-12 without sufficient long-term data, a minimal risk of fatality to children, and cautions echoed around the world, when the treatment neither prevents transmission or acquisition of the virus - is criminal.
Hello I am not anti-vaccine but I am anti-vaccine mandate. The numbers are clear. Children are less likely to die from Covid than they are to get hit by lightning. I believe that people who are scared should get vaccinated and we do not need to use our children to protect those people or to stimulate the economy.
Whoever approves of giving this to kids is guilty of violating the Nuremberg laws, guilty of murder.
Stop the abuse of power, do not encourage a Nazi Fourth Reich, stop it before it kills millions & sparks Revolution!!! Resistance toTryranny is the definition of Duty
Covid Vaccines have not been tested and observed enough time to ascertain their safety, long term side effects and such. To mandate such on our future generation is not humane nor per Science.
We must not make this vaccine an option for children let alone mandate it. Kids are extremely resilient to Covid and there are too many risks associated with this drug to warrant giving it to children. Other countries are now banning the vaccine for those under 30 and our leaders are wanting to give this to young people. We must use caution over fear and reject these shots for kids.
The Covid-19 vaccines are ineffective and dangerous. They should not be administered to adults, let alone children. Your approval of these vaccines for children ages 5-11 will be a conclusive demonstration that the FDA is completely corrupted, run by the companies it purports to regulate, and should be eliminated altogether. 
I oppose approving use of the Covid-19 Vaccine in our children. The vaccine is still new enough that we cannot possibly have enough knowledge on long-term side effects on growing minds and bodies. We should not rush approving a vaccine for our children when we do not know what effects it may have on them 10 years from now. It is not wise and would be a huge dis-service to them.
I urge you to vote against covid vaccinations for children age 5-11. The vaccine is experimental and we don’t know the long term effects. Our kids deserve better!
Our children are NOT yours! Keep these shots away from them!! This is EVIL cloaked as a health issue. Our government, local and federal and state, are trampling on all our constitutional rights in the name of 'health safety'. But leave our children out of this madness. Is this in fact genocide'?
This vaccination has not been safely tested on children and my child has an autoimmune disorder. I’m terrified that this mandate could mean my child either becomes deathly ill or is no longer able to go to school. Both of which are unacceptable outcomes for our family. Please reconsider!
I am completely opposed to the COVID-19 vaccine for children. They already get too many vaccines and they have to ability to fight the virus without a high risk of complications. This is the work of the devil to poison our children 
Why vaccinate children when injury numbers are too high as is. Please allow more research, study and time to allow adequate clinical trials. Slow down with this agenda. 
I am not opposed of all immunizations; however, vaccine development usually takes many years or decades instead of less than a year. I am not comfortable with my child receiving a fast-tracked product with no data on long-term safety. 
I am against vaccination of children 5 - 11 years of age. There is a scientific evidence that so called “anti-COVID” vaccines destroy organs and immune system of our children. 
Children do NOT need this vaccine. Their immune systems have been doing just fine fighting off covid. “The numbers don’t lie.” it should be the parents choice, not a mandate!
Stop this madness! Kids are NOT being fatally affected by this virus! LOOK AT THE NUMBERS! Please please please put out kids HEALTH and safety first! No one knows the long terms affects of this vaccine; kids little bodies should not be put at risk. 
Children should not be getting Covid vaccines. Stand for truth. 
There is NO need to approve a covid vaccine for children 5-11 or older. They have a natural immunity, which is longer lasting than any vaccine could provide. The morbidity rate is less than one percent, therefore injecting children with a vaccine is OVERKILL!!!I strongly disapprove of injecting children with a vaccine/ drug when their bodies now have a natural built-in immunity. EVELYN A BOWEN
I think it is a violation of human rights to oblige why we have to get a vaccine that has not been approved by the FDA. My aunt died a week after vaccination.
Its coming to light that the COVID vaccines carry an alarming degree of short-term risks, up to and including serious cardiovascular harm, neurological harm, and even death. Unfortunately, like so many things regarding COVID
I am against COVID-19 vaccine for Children 5-11 years of age. For the most part children are not affected by the virus and we should never experiment on children to potentially help adults. Doing so would be completely unethical. 
It is absolutely imperative that we do NOT inject our children with a MRNA vaccine that was very hastily developed, and without any long term side effect data. Additionally, our children's natural immunity is far superior to the vaccine. We also are aware that many adverse reactions have caused myocarditis, blood clotting, and death. We can not allow this vaccine to be forced on our children.
Children are more likely to die from the vaccine, than from COVID.
Please do NOT mandate these shots for children. They have no voice to speak up for themselves. This shot has already been shown to produce adverse reactions in hundreds of thousands of people. This should not be given to children. 
Do not approve mandates for children. They are still in EUA, and the adverse reactions are horrific. 5-11 year olds are at greater risk from the vaccines than they are from COVID. Please take your cues from Sweden and Norway who suspended the shots for everyone under 30.
Do not approve Covid19 injections for children. The obvious goal is to get it covered by the Childhood Vaccine liability protection act so that it can be mandated without fear of liability. Criminal!
Hi, Please do not require COVID vaccination for kids under 11 years of age.
Please spare the Children No to COVID vaccination in children 5-11
There has not been enough testing to know long term effects on children. My children will not be getting this. I'm not against it later on, but right now and until there's further testing I am against it. My children will not be your guinea pigs or lab rats
Please take into consideration that using a vacination that hasn't been fully test on children could harm our children.thank you
Deaths from covid for this population as a percentage of pop. is 0.00%. How can you in good conscious approve an injection without properly weighing the risk-reward? The risk must also be zero. 
Right bow the vaccine ingredients are not available, will the vaccine ingredients be made available for parents to review prior to making their choice to give this new vaccine to their small children? Also, will all the studies that have been done to show the safety and long term side effects of the vaccine be available for the parents to review beforehand as well?
It has been proven to be more dangerous for children to receive the vaccine than it is for them to catch covid. Why are you ignoring the facts? Please do not alter the genes of children, let us live our lives! You do not vaccinate into a pandemic! This is why we have variants!
Please keep the covid vaccine out of our children. We do not know the fertility effects and there are so many risks involving blood clots and inflammation. Please do not do this to our children. This is a right of each citizen to decide for themselves, not to have the government get involved. These innocent children deserve better protection than to be subjected to this risky shot. 
I am a practicing licensed health care provider, instructor, and father of three school-aged children. I strongly oppose using the current covid19 vaccines in children. The risk/benefit data increasingly shows this would be a very unwise course of action at this time. 
I am completely against all vaccine mandates. This is the United States of America and parents have the right to choose the best medical care for ourselves and our children. 
Children up to age 12 have the lowest possible rate of infection and potential for death from Covid-19. The risks of serious and debilitating side effects and death from the shot far outweigh the miniscule benefits of jabbing in this age group. Do not destroy our children!
As a mom of 2, please do not force vaccinations on kids. We do not know long term adverse effects. We are aware of miocarditis, pericarditis, heart attacks, deaths, neuro damage.. I have seen it. My husband has heart problems even 5 months after second dose of moderna. Children are still in their development stage, they don't need this, they are not at risk. 
Children are the least at risk group for getting sick. The vaccines are not only experimental but have been proven to be lethal, sometimes immediately and others die over time. There is no morally founded reason to risk children’s health by vaccinating them.
Please consider the future of our children. The shot that is being given is completely unnecessary. They are not in an at risk group.Their bodies have proven to be strong against the COVID-19 virus. Please allow parents to choose for their own children who may in fact be compromised. Please look at real simple facts, children aren't at risk. No short is warranted. 
Mandating children to inject poison is absolutely wrong!! This is not a vaccine! God is watching and his wrath is coming.
I do not support approval for children. They are not at risk, they have fared extremely well throughout this entire pandemic. I am an RN in the state of FL.
Children under 12 have greater risk of dying from a car accident than Covid. Do not force medical procedures in children.
Do not mandate the covid vaccines for children! This is insanity that you are even considering it as all the available data suggests they are at the least risk. 
I am strongly opposed to the covid/flue/polio vaccine being administered to children of any age. The risk of adverse effects and death way out weigh the survival risk of getting covid, in which 99.9% of all children in this age group survive. 
Do not authorize this for children. We do not consent to this. 
Don't you dare attempt to vaccinate children 5 and older! Whoever is involved with this evil will themselves suffer the outrage of public backlash. 
The COVID-19 vaccine should not be approved nor required for any age, but especially those 5-11 who are the least likely to suffer from the Covid-19 illness itself. 
Please do NOT approve the COVID 19 vaccine for children 5-11 years old. We do not know what will happen to children as this vaccine is still in the experimental vaccine. Statistics show the vaccine is not needed. 
We do not want our children vaccinated with a trial drug. NO MORE VACCINES FOR OUR CHILDREN 
I strongly oppose forced vaccines and believe in the right to choose
Do not authorize the vaccine for children. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUNDS FOR AUTHORIZING. Our children should not be carrying this burden.
 The COVID-19 vaccine should not be mandated for any children and especially children 5-11 yo should not be forced to be given an experimental vaccine not animal tested. The US children should not be your experimental group to see the effects of this vaccine! You are violating our Constitutional rights to choose what goes into our and our children's bodies!
A trial vaccine should not be tested on children. My child will not be your guinea pig. You should be ashamed of the work you do. Let's talk about nutrition, healthy and natural immunity you lobbyist driven bozos. And I'm a registered democrat, but not for long. Y'all are gonna be shocked when the tides turn. Amazing!
This is absolutely absurd. Do not mandate vaccines for children. It should be the parent's choice.
My body, my decision. Kids have a 99.what rate of dealing just fine with covid. Keep your shot away from them. 
This should be a parents right to choose not a forced mandate. Especially on such a new vaccine and a virus that barely affects children! Please reconsider!!!
Do NOT approve the covid-19 vaccine for children. More data is needed!!! Per the CDC, 40% of current deaths from covid-19 are vaccinated people.
Please oppose. There is zero risk of dying of Covid for this age group so the risk benefit is not supportive of this EUA. There is no active adverse reaction data collecting mechanism as should be required for approval. 
Do NOT mandate COVID vaccines for children! You have no idea what the long term effects will be of this shot that has only existed for one year. PLUS it doesn’t even work so why would you force children to take it. Kids don’t get that sick from COVID. There is no reason to do this and, if you force this, you will forever ruin the public trust in the FDA. 
Children do not need the Covid vaccine. They will be harmed by the vaccine more than helped. Remember, first, do no harm.
I strongly disagree with children receiving a vaccination for a virus that has proven to be mild in the younger age groups. Especially after multiple vaccines have already been linked to so many very scary and serious reactions. The risk of the vaccine plus the unknown side effects should be enough to delay the approval. 
The vaccines have be proven unsafe. Children should not be given an experimental vaccine that could cause serious side effects and do more harm than good. When the survival rate for children is 99%. Plus there is a cure for covid. Florida is doing it right now.
Please don’t mandate the Covid vaccine for children. Young kids have developing brains and other organs. Not enough is known and parents should have a choice about what is put into their children. Please do the right thing.
No reason to vaccinate children who have a very small percentage of risk from covid. The unknown longterm risks of the vaccine are not known and the risk/reward is not there. Perhaps once it goes thru longterm trials can it be considered, but only once that has occurred. Natural immunity has been ignored and should also be part of the recommended solutions. 
Is it against the law to mandate unauthorized vaccines
Please stop this!!! Our kids are not at high risk for COVID! Would you make yo children or grandchildren get vaccinated!!??? 
Dear Leaders, I'm very sad to hear you're going to be trying to inject the dangerous COVID shot into children and youth. We all know this is causing much damage to hearts, organs, blood vessels and immune systems. Please have mercy on at least the children, and let them have a healthy lives. You are in my prayers to do the right thing. Sincerely, Sue CyrDallas, TX
I believe that choice should be up to the parents of the child.
Say "NO" to Covid Vaccinations for kids ages 5-11 and / or ages 5-12. Please say "NO".
An experimental vaccine should never be imposed on children. There needs to be years years of study and evidence supporting the safety and efficacy of any medicine/vaccines before any consideration should be given to apply these biologics to children who are still growing/forming
I demand you stop these mandates God gave us the right to make our own choices not anyone else So stop this nonsense
I am writing about the push for vaccines for children. With no long term studies on either the efficacy or adverse effects, I urge this panel not to approve or support pushing these vaccines on our children. Just in the last week I have talked to 3 friends who have been adversely effected and do not recommend getting it. I WILL not be getting this vaccine for my child. 
I OPPOSE mandating vaccines for any age, but especially for children. This demographic of the population has hardly been impacted, yet vaccines are to be mandated for them? That doesn’t make sense!
 Children are 99.998% likely to fully recover if they get Covid. No child has died from covid without also having serious underlying conditions. With these statistics, there is absolutely no good reason for considering injecting children with an experimental vaccination. 
Do NOT support children 5-11 getting vaxxed!!They possess naturally occurring immunity therefore do NOT warrant politically driven medical madness!!
VRBPAC must oppose the premature approval of Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine.
Further vaccines for young children is unwarranted. They are at very low risk for covid. Leave the children alone..
Opposition to mandatory Covid vaccination for children. 
Vaccines are not necessary for children. Why would you ask kids to have the vaccine?
I don't agree with having young people getting the Vaccine It hasn't been tested enough. We need to have strong immune systems to keep us safe. There are vitamins that can help. Lets support health through nutrition. Much better results. 
There is absolutely no reason for our children to be subjected to these experimental drugs that have no true efficacy or safety profile. This is a virus that has an over 99% survival rate in children. These vaccines are doing as much if not more harm than the virus. Leave the children alone
The children are not at high risk for severe covid or death from covid. Mandating this vaccine especially to the age group of 5-11 year olds is wrong. There is no data on long term effects so vaccinating a group that has such a low risk is not beneficial.
This is the epitome of evil. It's bad enough to possibly poison adults with a "vaccine" but forcing it on innocent 5 year olds is totally a crime. STOP!!!!
I am strongly against approval of this for emergency use in children given the incredibly low risk COVID poses for them. 
I oppose mandating any and all vaccines as a parent should have the right to choose what is right for their child not a mandate. I already have one child who lost speech when he recieved a different mandated vaccine and I won’t allow my children to be the test dummy to see side effects. No against mandated vaccines!!!!!
I am Not ok with this mandate! We don't know the long term effects of this vaccine on young kids and for other multiple reasons. 
Do not want mandates for vaccinations for children or adults. 
I wish to strongly oppose the forced COVIP-19 vaccination of children, who have a 99.9999 percent change of surviving it. This is a terrible violation of our freedoms.
Please do not approve the use of the COVID vaccine for children. The need that motivates the use of the drug is simply not there. Children under 18 are the least affected demographic; basically a dead fat zero percent. Creating a need where there is not one is a violation of ethics. 
I stand for herd immunity. Children fair better getting COVID with less complications than this new vaccine. Pleaae do not rush this new science on our children. The parents should have the right to choose what goes into their children. More time and data is needed.
The government does not get to decide what goes into our children's bodies. It's a huge government overreach especially while these vaccines are being halted in other countries.
Please do not require for children. They are at almost a zero risk of getting sick enough to die studies have shown that. We don’t know what long term effects the mnra type vaccines may have on children.
Please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for our children. It is too early to their be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Thank you!” 
To whom this may concern,Please stop this forced vaccinating of our children. God has given them a strong immune system and these so called vaccines are deadly . You know exactly what you are doing to harm gods precious children. Our children!! LEAVE OUR CHILDREN ALONE!!!!!!
I think forcing children to wear masks and be vaccinated for Covid has no value in addition to infringing on their freedom. There are numerous studies showing masks don't prevent Covid and are detrimental to children. Also the vaccines don't prevent Covid and seem to encourage variants. So why do it? 
Children do NOT need to be vaccinated against covid-19. They survivability rate is so high from the flu, and the unknown reactions/results of the injections are totally unknown. Please leave the children alone. No vaccine is needed.
No more poisonous vaccines for children, or anyone else, for that matter. NONE!
Children are not at risk from covid. They are at less risk than a vaccinated 50 year old. Please let 3-4 years pass before you start mandating it. 
Please stop vaccines for children. there 99.997% protected. Stop killing our future.
I am completely against a mandate for any Covid vaccine for children. It is completely unnecessary, unsafe and not ethical. Sacrificing millions of children’s health for a virus, on its own, is statistically insignificant. 
To whom it may concern:I am against giving the Covid shot to children, it is not proving to work for adults and kids barely get sick from it. This shot has not been tested properly even for adults way too many adverse reactions and deaths from it, and now we want our young children to receive it. WHY???
I am completely against the idea of vaccinations for children 5-11. I have seen a number of personal friends who received the MRNA shot and are now developing many unexplained conditions that they previously never had prior to the shot. In my opinion there is nothing safe about it AT ALL especially when it comes to my family. NO WAY!
I am OPPOSED to mandating the covid 19 vaccine to children ages 5-12! I am OPPOSED to all vaccine mandates due to the fact that there is risk involved. 
People under the age of 30 are such low risk for Covid, that they should not have to take the Covid vaccine. Kids that are 5-11 and 12-18 shouldn’t have to take it either. My children will NOT get the covid vaccine and I will home school if necessary. I am now starting to scrutinize all vaccines and will start opting my children out of some of those as well. 
There haven't been enough studies to know how this vaccine will effect young children. You are putting their very lives at risk. There have been many heart problems reported in our youth. Also, transmission in schools and even daycares are very rare. According to the CDC, children who contract covid 19 have a survival rate of 99.99815%. They do not need this vaccine.
I am against vaccine mandates. They are an infringement of my rights as an American Citizen. I believe in the Constitutional law of the right to privacy and choice. Vaccines have not proven to me to protect and are dangerously risky at this point in time. My doctor is my health adviser and I listen to him only. No on mandates that punish innocent hard working people. It's absurd. 
For the love of God please do not allow this vaccine to be used on our children. There are already so many adverse affects with the adult ones can't even imagine what they will do to children. Please stop this madness!
Hello,Do not even consider mandating these useless untested vacinnes to our children. This will not be tolerated or accepted in any way shape or form by the parents. This is child abuse and you know it. You know very well that children are at no risk due to this virus no worse than the common flu. Stop playing politics, this is no longer tolerated by any normal person. 
 No mandates for 5-11!!! as you well know, they are not seriously affected by COVID and it should be a parents choice, not the governments, they are our children, not your’s!!
Absolutely NO long term data to determine the risks of an untested vaccine on children let alone adults. This is ALL about the enormous profits that the pharmaceutical companies are making and those hat stand to benefit from that money. Put a stop to this nonsense.
No vaccine mandates for our children. Covid 19 is not a serious health threat to children or most adults for that matter. These vaccines are causing more harm than good and they’ve already been shown that they do not stop the transmission. 
I believe you should not approve an experimental vaccine for children until there is enough time to review its efficacy, safety and ultimately its necessity. Children who are healthy are currently able to survive the covid virus thus making the vaccine obsolete. Please recommend better ways to support children's immune system instead of unknown quick fixes. 
I don’t support this vaccine mandate at all. I’m against this and hope it doesn’t pass!!! This is so wrong. 
Our children are not, and should never be, your guinea pigs. Since when do we, as a “civilized society, place children in jeopardy in order to keep adults “safe,” which is unproven anyway.
Please do not approve nor suggest mandating the COVID Vaccine for the 5-12 age group. The vaccine has not had long term testing and this age group would experience the long term effects for most of their life. Also, the 4-12 age group is at low risk for death and and harsh effects fromCOVID. See the CDC data, not their statements but their data. It should not be pushed upon the children.
Stop this madness! This is ridiculous let parents decide what they would like to do with their children and what they put in their bodies. Stop the madness right now. 
Please do not mandate this, this is the parents right to make that choice for their own children not the government. 
I'm almost 68 years old. I can remember all of the deformed and handicapped children from a drug rushed to market and approved by the FDA.. Do not push this experiment on the next generation! 
I'm writing to urge you to say no to COVID vaccines for our kids. They are at more risk from the vaccine than they are from COVID. Please don't make out kids guinea pigs for this research study.
Kids have an extremely low risk of getting the virus and a very low risk of dying from it. They should not be forced or allowed to take a shot that is experimental and has already harmed and in some cases lead to the death of many people including kids as young as 12. Stop using our kids and us as your medical experiments.
According to the CDC, the covid fatality rate for children under 18 in the United States is 0.0007%. There is no covid emergency amongst our children, and therefore no justification for this dramatic action. They may be more at risk for unknown side effects from the vaccination itself. I implore you: Please make your decision based on the actual data, and not fear or social pressure. 
I have grave concerns about the looming mandate for children to be forced to be vaxxed, with drugs on the market for less then a year. Children do not Need a Vaxx, you are the govt. Not a doctor, not a parent. Keep in your place. The vaxx is Harmful, it will be proven. You will never be forgotten or forgiven. Please vote NO to mandates.
The government SHALL NOT dictate what people put into their bodies. 
Please take your time and continue long term studies before you approve this for young children. Once approved, people in power will force it on our children. PLEASE TAKE ALL THE TIME AND DONT RUSH THIS! 
Do not experiment on our children. This may be considered genocide and crimes against Humanity. It's not an emergency so EUA should not apply. Covid-19 doesn't exist as proven in court cases in Alberta, Canada and Spain. Don't do it.
Our children do NOT need a vaccine injected into their body that that they are not being affected by. I oppose this vaccine cruelty. It is killing people and its being denied and pushed under the rug.
I have two young children and absolutely do not approve of eua of the covid-19 vaccine in ages 5-11. Children should not have their lives potentially altered, their bodies potentially damaged, due to the ignorance of those who are supposed to protect them. The data we have showing adverse reactions in children 5-11, when given a covid-19 vaccine, should be data enough to stop the eua. 
The possibility of vaccine injury is a higher risk to a child than the likelihood of a child contracting Covid and having permanent injury from Covid. Please do not mandate masking And vaccine especially for our children. It should be a personal choice of adults and a parents choice regarding the medical care of their child. 
Do not approve the covid-19 "vaccine" for children ages 5 - 11.There are NO long term studies showing the effects of the gene modifying technology that could affect children in the future.There is no reason to inoculate them.Nuremberg 2 will commence I am sure. Be on the right side of history. 
I am writing to confirm please vote NO to COVID vaccination mandates for children of all ages
The vaccine should be a choice not a mandate. Totally against this idea of vaccinating my kids. 
Children are at no risk of Covid unless they have underline conditions. There’s more healthy kids that do not need anything. 
Do not authorize this injection for children. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is no ground for authorizing. 
Do not give these Covid vaccines to kids. Kids are not at risk from Covid. There is no long term safety data to justify kids getting a Covid shot. 
Please do not approve COVID19 Vaccine for children
I am completely against Covid injections on children of any age. It is immoral and unethical and needs to be stopped immediately.
Mandating an experimental drug for our children makes absolutely no sense. We all know kids do not die from covid and they do not spread covid so why force this on them. There is no data or science that would justify it.
I am opposed to the approval of the Covid vaccine for children 5 to 11 years old! Having looked at the data, the risk outweighs any benefit. 
There should be zero mandates to inject anything into my body that I don’t want. Informed consent is necessary and medical coercion is illegal. If I chose as a parent to not inject my child with something, I have the right as a parent to choose that. If my child is not sick, my child does not need medical treatment. Period. 
Please do not institute any new Covid related vaccine mandates. Individuals and families should choose what they believe is best for their own health care. Government should not be involved in these personal decisions.
There is no long term research to indicate side effects or immunity to covid with this new vaccine. It’s irresponsible to mandate children be injected with this and its against the Nuremberg code.
Covid 19 has been proven to be NON lethal to 99% of the population. Certainly to children. It has also been proven to cause significantly higher numbers of adverse reactions than ANY other vaccine in history. Especially in younger populations. Do NOT approve a Covid vaccine for children. In fact RECALL All Covid 19 experimental injections. 
I would love to see exercise promoted rather than a Covid vaccine pushed. Thank you
Kids are more at risk from this vaccine than they are from getting covid. It is the height of selfishness to put this generation at risk so that adults can feel safer. Keep your hands off my sons.
Vax for children is unnecessary, and more risk of sides
Kids do not need to have vaccines mandated in order to go to school. This group is the least likely to be affected by COVID 19. Nuremberg Code is being broken when these shots are mandatory. Leave these kids alone, and just let them go to school in a healthy environment.
How have we arrived here? To inject children with a non tested, DNA altering substance is unconscionable. The risk is clearly greater than benefit. If you move forward with this potential travesty, I can only surmise it is because of compromised interests, not clear thinking.
To discuss a request to amend Pfizer/BioNTech’s EUA for administration of their COVId 19 mRNA injection to children 5-11 years of age. 
It’s criminal to force health procedures, especially one with this much murky water around it, on anyone. My health is my choice. Vote against this!
Absolutely not! You should be ashamed of yourselves for even considering mandating such a potentially harmful experimental vaccine to our children! Not ok. 
I do not support the giving of Covid-1vaccination to children 5-12. There is no scientific research to indicate lack of harm. The vaccination has not been approved through long term research and is therefore, by default, dangerous to administer to children. This decision should be left to the parents and the parents alone, not the state.
There is no honest way of justifying the authorization of this vaccine for children. Please do the right thing and do not mandate the vaccine for children. 
Please do not mandate that all children must be vaccinated against covid 19
As a citizen of this country, I do not agree with mandating this vaccine for anyone, especially children. Thank you.
Please please stop pushing these experimental harmful shots on our children!!!.This is child abuse. There has been NO long term studies done. These shots are killing people.
I am against mandatory vaccinations to children; including a requirement to attend public school. Data indicates children are not susceptible to COVID-19. I am concerned about potential long term side effects of the vaccine.
I do not agree with the FDA authorizing the Covid vaccine for emergency use in children 5-11. With absolutely zero long term safety data, it would be extremely irresponsible to approve this vaccine for a population with the lowest vulnerability to Covid and the highest potential for adverse long term reactions to the vaccine.
Scientific facts point to unusually high morbidity from Pfizer vaccines. The rest of the world is recognizing this, but it seems the US is choosing to ignore this. Children should NOT be used as experiments for a questionable experimental vaccine, particularly when the morbidity is so low on a percentage basis. STOP this lack of true examination of the data. 
According to CMS data children have almost a 100% recovery rate from COVID and we don’t know the final harm it may cause in the future for our kids!!!Please think now about your own kids or grandkids when you sign such document!!! Do you really want to harm your own kids??? I don’t think you do!!! 
I am asking the FDA to not require vaccinations for school children, as a grandparent who loves his family more than my life. Please leave it as it’s always been; optional.
The vaccines are not safe for children they are causing a lot of heart problems in teenagers there isn’t enough research to know the long term side effects of the vaccines for children most children have good immune systems they can fight off the virus 
I will never consent to giving my child a vaccine that we do not know the long term effects of and have not seen children become ill from. I would homeschool if this is mandated, which I feel would be a huge disservice to their social development.
PLEASE do not approve a vaccine for children that virtually have NO risk of COVID-19. They have more risk of the vaccine!! Follow the data!! 
As a citizen of the United States, I am not in favor of your proposal to mandate the covid vaccination for children 5 to 12. Government cannot mandate anything about our medical well being. That is a personal medical decision. As is, any decisions concerning our children. This is governmental over reach at it's worst. Sincerely Linda Sward
I would like to address the push to mandate vaccines from children ages 5-11. The CDC is aware that covid survival for children is so high that a vaccine is not even necessary. Children have strong immune systems (in general), therefore, a vaccine is unnecessary. In addition, the effects of the vaccine on children has not been adequately studied. Please do not mandate vaccines for children. 
Please do not approve the vaccines for 5-12 year olds. You must be aware that there has not been enough time for data collection or research in adverse effects from the vaccines. Remain strong against greedy forces and vote for the long term health of our children and our nation. Thank you. 
As a mother to young kids, I am strongly opposed to the mandating of vaccines for kids aged 5-12. This violates our constitutional rights for freedom of choice, and freedom of religion. This vaccine mandate goes against my religious beliefs, and I will not stand for that. Thank you. 
No no no! No mandates for experimental Covid vaccines for children. They don’t stop transmission and they need long term safety data. Children are not at risk for severe outcomes. 
There is no scientific evidence to support that children need to be vaccinated against COVID. Healthy adults and anyone under the age of 70 do not need the vaccine. If you want to test an experimental vaccine, do it on yourself.
As a parent, I would respectfully request to preserve the right to make healthcare decisions on behalf of my child. Such policy has served our country well for hundreds of years, including many previous healthcare challenges. I appreciate the work you do, and request considering a policy of restraint in attempting to mandate healthcare decisions.
Government mandates for children should be left in the hands of PARENTS, not bureaucrats! Before long we will have to choose between the red pill or the blue pill to be able to live. Stop this at once! 
Stop this nonsense, they keep saying "it's about the science", yet won't allow for natural immunity. This are group is least effected, and fastest to recover. Also the counts keep dropping even icu beds, but the " governmental control" doesn't listen and turns a blind eye. All for control.... You will obey, me over your body!
Definitely NO to any vaccine mandates for myself ,my children, or my grandchildren for something that has not been proven to be safe or even a vaccine. Each person should be free to choose what goes into their bodies.
These experimental drugs....not real vaccines...will kill these children just as it is killing a huge amt. of people all over the world. The media hides this because if people knew the real truth they would stop all jabs. Leave children alone., they are in no danger and are not dangerous to others. This is a demonic decision from demonic pharma and governments!!!
There is no reason give kids the vaccine. We know what you are doing 
Approving boosters for vaccines that have not been approved, seems like putting the cart before the horse eh? Enough with the trickery...be human.
We don't need a vaccine mandate for kids ages 5-12. They have very little risk from COVID. We need to value children and not continue to punish them for the benefit of adults as our leaders and health officials have for the past 20 months. This will only add to the Government created mental health issues of the past 20 months. 
The government has NO RIGHT to inject our children with a "Vaccine" that has not been properly tested!! It's our right as their PARENTS to make these decisions and you know damn well this hasn't been properly tested, yet once it's approved, every Democrat on earth will be trying to FORCE it. Would you tell a rape victim they needed it?? This is MEDICAL RAPE!!!
You must look outside the Box and realize that the cost benefit analysis is not supported for children receiving vaccines for covid. Do not require children to be vaccinated for SarsCovid-2 virus
Given the low risk of children to become ill with and spread Covid 19, vaccinated should be a priority for older and immune compromised adults. No vaccine mandate of any kind should be issued for children regarding the Covid vaccinations. The benefits of vaccination for this age group do not outweigh the risks. 
it has been proven that Children have a 99% chance of surviving Covid, also resulting in natural immunity. This is case for many children, mine included. A vaccine should not be forced onto families that does not have the years or research behind it.
I feel that the covid jabs are highly poisonous and should not be given to anyone. Especially kids 5 to 17
Until all data is collected and analyzed, children should NOT have to endure possible side effects that may haunt them the rest of their lives. 
The mandated vaccine should never be given to children 5-11, this is all about control and has nothing to do with the health and well being of our nation! 
Do not mandate vaccines for children. Let the choice be up to parents and families. Freedom of choice is a fundamental right we have as humans. Do not take that away. Let families choose for themselves. 
Good Afternoon.I feel very sad about the idea of mandate for our Children. I am not anti-vaccine, but I am very pro-freedom of choice. Especially when it comes to parents and children. Let us make the decision for our children. PLEASE!
Vaccine mandates for 5-12 year olds. Convince me this is necessary.
I strongly oppose the Covid shot, since it is not a vaccine!, for children 5-11 years old. Actually oppose it for any young person since the since effects are devastating including permanent heart damage.
This so called mandate is genicide for the use on anyone and the NUREMBERG codes will come into effect!!!
Children have very little chance of dying from COVID, so there is no reason for them to be vaccinated. Please do not mandate this. There are complications from these vaccines that can cause health problems for these children.
Children have 99.9% survival rate! The shot has more complications and death than the virus. Big NO to the jab!!
It's nauseating that you're supposed to protect us and all you protect is the profits of pharmaceutical companies and big business. Anyone going along with this agenda (lockdowns, mandates, etc) is either brainwashed and incompetent or completely corrupt. I have never been so ashamed of this country. 
Why would you want to give children a vaccine (Covid) that the long term effects have not been tested ? The only children that have died from covid have had underlying circumstances. Please stop this madness. 
I will not give my children these vaccines I will take my children out of school and homeschool them!! I will sue anyone who thinks they can give my children a vaccine without my permission 
There is not enough LONG TERM data for the effects of Vaccines on children. I am not anti-vaccine, but this is new technology and we should be overly cautious when it comes to our youth. Do not approve this vaccine for children without long term studies (over 5 years).
Our health is not an experiment. There is not enough information on potential long term side affects. The FDA recalled 2.4% more of their approved products in 2020 than the year before. Where there is risk, there must be choice! The government does not care about our health- if they did they would ban known carcinogens, cigarettes, red dye, etc. Mandate affordable organic foods! 
Please do not approve the covid vaccine for our children!!!!!!!
I am AGANST any government mandated VACCINE requirements involving unproven, experimental drug therapies or “vaccines”, for adults AND children. Namely at this point, the COViD vaccines. 
Please do not entertain the idea of mass vaccinating America’s children with an experimental substance against a virus with a 98% survival rate. The madness must end! Respectfully submitted, Peggy Cumpston Moundsville, WV
I oppose the mandate to get children vaccinated with the Covid vaccine. As a parent I have a right as an American to choose what I want for my child. The Covid vaccine does more harm then good. I urge you to not force these mandates on children or anyone. My Choose.
Hi ! I am so against this vaccination, it is extremely dangerous and kids should not be infected with this poison! Please stop spreading dangerous vaccines and stop poisoning people especially our children!!!! Many deaths took places already. Let everyone decide with their freedom and own will stop forcing this poison and unknown substance in the body of innocent children! Thank you! 
VOTE NO! This process has been accelerated way too quickly. No one knows the long term possible side affects from this rushed treatment. We need to slow down and wait for the trial process to be complete. Thanks, Jon Evans
These vaccines are neither safe nor effective.They do not prevent infection or transmission, and children are not at risk anyway. They are at a much greater risk of vaccine side effects.
This is madness! The kids do not need this experimental treatment referred to as a vaccine. The Children are virtually risk free from dying or COVID. There is however considerable risk to our children receiving this treatment. I’m pushing for nuemburg trials for all who are involved in moving this forward. The world is catching on. STOP NOW! 
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
There is not enough long term studies on the effect of these vaccines nor are children under the same threat of death from this disease. I am against mandates for Covid vaccinations for children under the age of 11.
Please do a detailed exam on what’s exactly in this injection. If you do not know what the ingredients are, look them up and educate yourself on them until you understand how they work together. Ask yourself if you would inject these deadly toxins into your children and grandchildren. Please stop this horrific death of our children. 
These vaccines are not tested enough. The virus has little effect on children. Children are more likely to die from the flu than COVID. There is no emergency that would warrant forcing children to get this shot. Children are not super spreaders and 99% of them have a mild case. Children who have comorbidity should get the shot only if their physician advises so. 
We will decide what goes in our child’s body, not the government or any entity. Also, this mandate goes against science. 
Please do not vaccinate our children. We need more time to do research.
children are not vulnerable to covid and are not carriers of the virus, they do not need to be vaccinated against it. mandating a shot is not about health , it's about power.
Stop the mandating of the unproven and unsafe vaccine for children! 
This mandate is stupid and unnecessary. Children have proven to be a low risk party and dont pass it around. To mandate this might cause unforeseen side effects later. Train immune systems, dont suppress them. Additionally: let parents choose what is best for their child, not the government. 
Please do not approve the COVID vaccine for 5-11 year old children. The virus is of minimal risk to this age group. The vaccine is much higher risk. Please do not put young children at higher risk for injury. Heart inflammation caused by the vaccine in youth cannot be ignored. 
Stop the politics with this issue. Listen to the science. Children have less than 1 percent death rate. LET NATURAL immunity WORK AND HERD immunity RUN ITS COARSE. LETS HAVE SOME COMMON SENSE FOR A CHANGE. Please for our children’s sake don’t force vaccination on our children
Every child's health needs are different. You can't mandate vaccines, especially for children. The risks outweigh the benefits by far. Stop the mandates.
There is no way in hell I will ever allow my grand children to be vaccinated and neither will their parents. Take your vaccine and shove it!
Children have powerful immune systems. Most of them are fully exposed and present no symptoms. They do not qualify for any treatment if they are in perfect health even if exposed. 
As the mother of a 5 year old, I strongly oppose this vaccine mandate. Why on earth would you consider making something mandatory for children when you don’t know the future side effects and damage it may cause. The vaccines are approved for emergency use only, why would we inject our children with this when they have a high chance becoming injured from the shot itself.
You can not mandate this for young children until you have done proper trials. This is absolute child. This is criminal
The FDA should NOT mandate Covid vaccines for children 5-11. Children of this age are NOT in danger of severe infection, and cannot easily transmit the disease. Long-term studies have not been completed. Any push to vaccinate this age group without informed consent is criminal and unconscionable. 
These vaccines should not be given to any child. The risk/benefit analysis clearly shows that it is all risk since children have almost a 100% survivability rate. Adults are supposed to protect children and not the other way around!
Any mandate of this vaccine is ludicrous and completely ignoring the option of any early treatment, in order to perpetuate the need for the EUA in the first place. Any consideration approving or mandating this vaccine for ANY age, but specifically now to even younger children equates to criminal intent. Do NOT do this there are too many unknowns. 
Please hold off the approval of the Covid vaccine for children 5 - 11. There is not adequate information out there yet of the long term effects of this vaccine .
I am opposed to a vaccine mandate for children 5 and up. The FDA should not approve the dangerous, and sometimes lethal, vaccine. Our bodies, our choice. 
I would like to say that the covid vaccines seem to be having too many adverse reactions and do not believe it should be given to children. This must not happen. It is pure evil!
Kids are resilient, they don't need their immune systems compromised. The covid vaccine does more harm than good. I'm sure everyone of you knows this but are hiding it from the American people. Please leave the kids out of your horrible agenda.
My family is opposed to the 5-12 year old vaccine mandate up for discussion on October 26. 
Vaccines for this age group are NOT NECESSARY! THE BENEFITS DO NOT OUT WEIGH THE RISKS!!!!Many teenage boys who had the shots are now suffering from myocarditis, & some even died! Please do not give EUA to the Pfizer shot for children ages 5-12. You will fee awful when children start to die!
See attached file(s) It is clear that ALL of the COVID-19 "vaccines" NOT SAFE. They all maim, injure, and kill adult people by very large numbers. All vaccine WILL NOT be safe for any adult, child, or adolescent, or infant. ALL of these vaccine need to be taken off the market IMMEDIATELY.
NO. STOP the vaccine mandating or recommending madness for minors. Kids have such a minuscule chance of dying from this virus. Furthermore, my kids have had Covid & I will NOT give them this vaccine. Stop treading on me & my family. 
I do not feel comfortable giving my children the vaccine and will not he doing so. Please do not do this to our youth or make parents have to make a tough decision against their beliefs. 
STOP THIS EVIL LUNACY OF VACCINATING OUR CHILDREN WITH THIS POISON THAT IS KILLING MANY OF OUR CITIZENS
Unproven and potentially harmful vaccines should not be mandatory, especially for children.
Absolutely no mandatory vaccination for kids. Will fight with everything I have.
Children are not at risk. The shots are not proven safe. This is not a health issue, but something else. Why is this even an issue if you truly have the children's best interest in mind?
I strongly discourage the use of the covid 19 vaccine to children.
I am strongly against this potential mandate. I have young girls and am concerned about the unknown but currently being studied reproductive effects of this vaccine.
I'm very concerned about the effect this vaccine will have in children in the long run. Many women who were pregnant and received the vaccine had still births. There isn't enough research to determine that these vaccines are safe for adults or children. I'm against these mandates going forward.
I do not wish for you to mandate the COVID vaccine to children ages 5-12, or any child age for that matter. I feel parents should have the day and choice for their children to receive the vaccine. 
Do the right thing. Do not bow to politics. Approving this vaccine for children goes against keeping them safe and healthy. It should not be up to kids to vaccinated for the elderly. 
Scientists have said we will have herd immunity by January 2022. It is not necessary to subject our children to an unproven vaccination. There are too many mandates already in place for adults. People will remove their children from school and states will not be able to receive their full budgets because of reduced enrollment.
Please know that if you make the vaccine mandatory for kids in school. Myself and MANY others will pull our children from the public school systems. This vaccine is an EXPERIMENTAL vaccine. It should not and will not be forced into my child’s body. It should most definitely be the choice of the parent, wether or not they vaccinate their child. Please do not let this thank place!!!
Please do not approve the Covid vaccination for children 5-12. Statistics show that children that age have a very slim chance of being infected. Also we have been living with this for almost 2 yrs with minimal child deaths I do not feel that the benefits outweigh the risks. This is also not an approved vaccines and has not gone through the customary trials .
No experimental gene Covid 19 vaccines for children!
What happened to free choice for adults, and where does the government take the right to force parents to 'vaccinate' their children with an unlicensed EUA material.People are not stupid...the government licensing a jab that is not available in the USA is not helpful.
Children do not need this vaccination. There is so much information, data, studies, science showing all of us that children are not getting sick from this virus let alone dying. I will fight with everything I have available to me to stop innocent children from getting this unneeded experimental vaccine. Karla Winston
The federal government does NOT have the right to force a medical experiment on our children. They are not government property.
Children of any age including 5-11 should be given an experimental vaccination shot that has not been approved by the FDA. Their health is their parents and family doctor's responsibility...Not the government and unlawfulmandates.
Children are NOT at risk of dying from Covid. They are at far more risk of an adverse reaction to the vaccine. There has not been any long term testing on anyone, let alone children. The vaccine does not prevent people from getting Covid. 
This covid 'vaccine' is NOT proven safe, in fact, studies and facts prove that there are thousands of severe adverse effects. They are unsafe, and should be pulled from the market. Deaths and side effects outnumber the stats from all vaccines in the past several decades!
Please say no to covid vaccines requirements or mandates. If you believe in God at all, you would know God was not mistaken when he made our immune systems even at a young age. Stop the ludicrous behavior!
Kids have a beautiful immune system, don't mess it up with a shot. Leave them alone.
I do not agree with children getting the covid shot that is still in trial stage until 2023.
Children are 107x more likely To die from the covid vaccine than they are from the virus itself. Why push the vaccine. Why not wait until the studies are completed. There is no emergency for them. Please care more about children than profits for once. 
DO NOT APPROVE use of these vaccines for children. Children are at very low risk from covid infection and much higher risk of adverse health effects. ABSOLUTELY NO!
The COVID Vaccines are experimental and risky, and unnecessary for young children. Look at the science and listen to your conscience. Carefully consider the risk-benefit analysis and come to an ethical conclusion. Please do not expand the Pfizer EUA to children!
Please do not approve the experimental shot for children. They do not need it. Those that die from it will be on your hands.
I do not want my child vaccinated with the COVID 19 shot! 
Side effects can happen from the time of the jab to 6 months later or more. We have no idea what effects there will be on prepubescent children.
There is enough mounting evidence that these injections for covid are not safe for children and can cause heart disease. Children have more risk from the injections than they do from the virus. Stop this roll out.
Please do not approve vaccines for our children there is not good reason to subject them to this experiment.
As a pediatric nurse with young children I will not be forcing my children to get vaccinated. I work in a pediatric unit and I first hand see how few children are admitted for Covid. There has been no long term studies on developing children and this should be addressed. A lot of people I know will remove their children from school if the vaccine is mandated. Lots of lost income for the state. 
We do not have enough research yet to determine weather these vaccines are safe for children. Why take a chance on our children’s lives when this virus is not dangerous to children to begin with. This is very dangerous for the elderly population. Please do not mandate a vaccine for my children.
Kids are at such low risk for COVID that the vaccine provides no net benefit. It is not necessary, but if approved many will attempt to mandate it, potentially harming millions of children.
I do not believe these vaccines are safe for children. Their natural immunity is much stronger than a synthetic put into their bloodstream. The clinical trials take at least 2 more years. This is not even lawful.
Please, leave my grand children alone. They are not at high risk. Too many side effects! No covid vacinations for this age group. No, No, No!
It is dangerous for kids to get the vaccines. Already the Covid vaccines have had damaging neurological and physiological side effects. It will destroy their lives and their future 
Please stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine.
Don’t force the children they are our future they need a choice and freedom we are the responsible adults to keep them save with God given natural remedies. Don’t make the mistake and offer our children for sacrafise . 
Kids do not need vaccines!!! Thankfully the virus does not effect children. Please leave our children alone. This vaccine has not been tested enough to place into a child’s body. Please leave our children alone
According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive.Healthy adolescents aged 12-17 who have been given covid vaccines have experienced blood clots, myocarditis, neurologic symptoms and extreme fatigue. DO NOT risk the lives of our children with this unproven shot, which does not even qualify as a vaccine.
Please do not mandate this vaccine for children. This should be an option similar to the flu shot. We do not know the long term effects on growing children. 
I am extremely opposed to a vaccine mandate for vaccines. It is not necessary for children and possibly even more dangerous to be injured from the vaccine 
Why risk side effects with people under 18 years of age? See attached file(s)
This vaccine has not proven to be effective for adults, and has so many side effects including death. Please do not mandate this for children. Allow the treatment for COVID-19 to be used early and allow natural immunity to strengthen the children’s immunity. 
This is atrocious and violates so many laws. There are over 17k people DEAD. How do you guys sleep at night? You have blood on your hands. God knows. 
It is with great sadness that we are in a time in our history when we are willing to subject our children to pharmaceutical studies on behalf of political gain. If you have any compassion at all, do not approve of these drugs being used until enough research has been done to know what the long term effects will be.
I complete oppose the COVID vaccination for any and all children. As a grandparent I'm 100% against this overreach of government!!
These vaxx should not be given to children. There is not enough testing regarding the vaxx for safety and children have a very low chance of getting the virus. If they do, there are other ways to protect them that are safer and more effective. I do not want my grandchildren harmed by this vaxx. I also disagree with the fetal cells used along with the vaxx.
I am completely against this and believe our children would benefit from having healthy diets & nutrition.The poisoning of anyone from these gene manipulating injections is genocide.
We do not know the long term effects of these vaccines. It is a risk an informed adult should make and live with the consequences of their own choice. You have no right to make that choice for someone else to suffer, especially an innocent child who can't even vote. This is despicable.
It is unethical and unfair to humanity in general, and KIDS specially, to get injected with something that has not been proven to be safe or effective - the proof for that is no one, group or government is taking any responsibility for the outcome. VERY CLEARLY UNKIND.
I do not support mandating this shot(not a vaccine) for children or anyone for that matter. This is a personal decision for our own healthcare. The cases of COVID-19 for children do not out weigh the risk of this experimental shot. Please allow parents to make their own decision to give vaccines and shots to their children. 
expose vaccine deaths and victims, stop the mandate
No to mandate for Allllll especially children. There is no logical explanation or science to prove that this vaccine works never mind the data to prove the long term effects. I will pull my children from school and move to another state before they inject this into them! 
I do not agree nor believe that children should be vaccinated with this covid shot. The variables are many and unknown. It is a crime against humanity to allow this I ask that you not 
DO NOT approve COVID injections for children. The risks associated with the experimental shots far outweigh the benefits. There has not been proper testing and we know that many have been negatively impacted and have been diagnosed with Myocarditis and other heart related issues. 
This is unbelievable. Kids that age have robust immune systems. The recovery rate is 99.999+%. They don't need the jab. Insanity.
I refuse to vaccinate my son, especially when these 'vaccines' need boosters and we still don't how long they're effective. My child will be homeschooled before I vaccinate him. 
Forcing an experimental vaccine on a child is a crime against the most vulnerable. Parents can decide what’s best for their children, not the government. 
I do not believe this vaccine should be mandated and if so, the people need protection to ensure valid exemptions are accepted. This has not been the case so far. I am the authority for my family. Not you. 
Please do not approve the Covid vaccine for children ages 5-11. Children are not vulnerable to this virus, are not super spreaders, and are more at risk to adverse reactions from the vaccine. More longitudinal safety data needs to be performed before this drug is approved! 
I think mandating vaccines for children ages 5 -12 is wrong and a violation on a parent's rights. 
Please oppose covid vaccine mandates especially for children. Our bodies are born equipped with the defense to fight on its own. Every person should have a choice to medical freedom!
I am writing to xpress my deep concern that you are going to approve this shot for children because of pressure from the White house. I know that if you use common sense, real data, and no politics, you will NOT approve the RNA experimental biologic for our precious children who should be allowed to remain innocent and healthy. Please do the right thing.
Immunologists and virologists are sounding the alarm! It is total insanity to vaccinate children 5-11 years old. History will not look kindly on us if we allow this to happen. 
When the risk from Covid is less than 1% for children and young adults I don’t think it’s good to approved a vaccine that has not been through a long trial.
Giving babies 5 to 11 year olds the pfizer vaccines when this has not been fully assessed to determine the effects. Additionally, there are thousands of adverse events being report with kids 12 to 17 and now you want to give this to them when you all should be halting administering all the vaccines until it is proven safe as of now it is not.
For the sake of our children and our societies, PLEASE DON'T APPROVE THE COVID VACCINES! Thank you
I do not support mandatory vaccination for children of any age. 
NO ONE should have the right to inject an unproven and demonstrably dangerous gene therapy presented under the guise of a "vaccine". NO ONE knows what the long-term effects might be without years of testing. They are using "experimental" chemicals on our defenseless children! 
COVID 19 vaccines should not be mandated for those 5-12 yr olds in order to attend schools. This should not be bribery or else. Let the parents decide if they want to voluntarily vaccinate children. If there wasn’t such incentives or else, I feel more would be opting to be vaccinated. Using kids as pawns is not right when most don’t have a voice
This has gotten way out of hand. You all need to start taking the side effects of these shots seriously! You have become an enemy to parents all over for pushing this on children. Where is the LIABILITY!? 
Children are at almost no risk of Covid and have great immune systems. No vaccination for them. Risk of vaccine is greater than risk of illness. 
There is no data that suggests that 5 - 11 year olds are at high risk from COVID 19. They most typically get the virus and blow right through it with no symptoms. Why would you mandate a vaccine that was developed in so little time. Especially without considering the kids that have already recovered from COVID and have stronger antibodies than the ones provided from the vaccine.
This type of vaccination should be an individual’s right to choose for their child not mandated.
I am strongly against mass vaccination of young children 
There is absolutely NO DATA supporting the covid shot preventing infection or transmission in children. At best, it is merely a therapeutic for the elderly. DO NOT mandate this for children. 
Please do not approve, the children are not at risk.
The vaccines should only be considered for children with severe comorbidities. Healthy children and children with antibodies, are not improved by getting the vaccine. To put a child at risk of adverse vaccine reaction is child abuse.
Our children are not at risk and We the parents have the right to choose to vaccinate our children. We are the ones that protect our children we are their parents not the government not the doctor's not the teachers we are. This has gotten out of hand we live in America and we have the right to live free and raise our children and we see it. 
Do not approve a vaccine for children who have no risk!!!
This is absolutely sick. They already have no say in self help. The parents are the ones to decide!
Where is the emergency? Children are in virtually NO danger from Covid, and studies already show the vaccine to be much more detrimental to them. Please stop the insanity. 
The vaccines are making people very sick and killing people. Do not allow the vaccines to be given to children. It's one thing for adults to take the vaccines and get sick. It's another thing to force children to take vaccines that endanger their safety and health. I fully stand against the vaccines and the mandates. It should be a choice for adults and not at all for children.
Please do NOT enact Covid vaccinations for children. The danger of Covid to them is minimal and far less than the danger of the vaccine. Use your energies to go after Gavin Newsom for wanting to waive a vaccine mandate for California prison guards because their Union donates tons of money to him. Pursue criminals like him and leave the children alone!!
Please do not approve the covid vaccine for children ages 5-11. There has not enough long term testing and there is no reason to give them the vaccine because it does not stop the spread of Covid
NO MANDATES!!! There should absolutely be no mandatory Covid-19 vaccines for any children. This is child abuse to mandate children take an experimental non-FDA fully approved shot of who know what!!!! This is a travesty and you should be ashamed.
STOP THE MANDATES COVID SHOT NOW -- THE DATA HAS SHOWN IT IS THE VAX PEOPLE THAT ARE THE SPREADERS -- REPEAT OF SPANISH FLU 1918-- COVID SHOT KILLING PEOPLE -- I HAVE PERSONAL WITNESS THIS -- 
Covid Vaccines should NOT be mandated for children. It is an experimental drug that is causing horrendous side effects if not death. Under the Nuremberg Code Americans have the right to reject such experiments.
As a mother to two young children and with no know long term side effects and the current side effects that are known I command you to not mandate the Covid vaccine upon our children or anyone or any vaccine for that matter. It is jot the Government job to make mandates of medical care for anyone. And I can tell you that you will NEVER MANDATE ANYTHING MEDICAL TO BE INJECTED INTO MY FAMILY!!
Under absolutely no circumstances will my children receive this vaccine. 
The covid-19 should not be mandated period. Back off. 
According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive! and the vaccines are not without serious side effects..please LOOK at VAERS report. The vaccines are neither safe or effective. Any benefit (if there are any??) in these young children do not out weigh the risks!! This is our future, please do not approve this!!
I am against a COVID 19 mandate for any child to attend in house instruction. This age group has a very low rate of serious illness or death and the rate of adverse affects of the vaccine both acute and in the future is unknown. 
Please consider holding off on mandating vaccines for children under the age of 12 until further testing can be done. I personally know 6 adults injured by the COVID vaccine, including 1 death. I fear that the number would be much higher for children. 
We the people including kids do not consent to the Pfizer vaccine to be administered to kids. Covid is already controllable with Ivermectin. Contact doctors in India who had good results from it .
Why are you not screening them and making them take the vaccines like everyone else? This is criminal!! America has had it! 
Please oppose the approval of Covid 19 vaccination for children ages 5-12. Look at the damage happening to children and young adults. We need to stop!
Our children do not need to be made vulnerable to an experimental vaccine that can compromise their health! Do not approve this for children. Why are you not pushing forward with medications that actually work? 
I am very much opposed to the covid vaccination for the children 5 - 12 years old! This is an experimental vaccination and we don’t have enough research to know the outcome. I am against this mandate!
The data does not support COVID vaccines in children. Healthy children are at a very low risk of disease complications and we cannot risk the serious side effects of the vaccines in light of that data.
Leave our Children alone! May God Help Us. I am responsible for my children, not you! Even people who have been vaccinated are still getting the virus so what's the point of the jab? Your mandates are unethical. 
I am a preschool teacher and we have never masked our kids. We have only had two children test positive without symptoms since the pandemic started. These vaccines are not needed, unsafe and have been proven to be harmful. 
We Do NOT support what you are attempting to do. These are experimental vaccines. Our children are not your experiments. I am a wise, Jewish , educated Democrat. You are unethical, maniacal, unlawful people. STOP IT!
If you mandate children to get the Covid vaccine, the first child who dies is on you and you are murderers
Please reconsider trying to give children the poison they are calling a vaccine. It’s not necessary to give children the vaccine. It’s has not been proven to be effective or safe. It is a money grab by big pharma . People are dying and the facts are not being disseminated. Fear is being pushed to force people to take the vaccine. Do more research.!!!
Please oppose the covid vaccine for children 5-11 years old. Testing 2,000 children is not enough to make a decision that it is safe for this age group. The risk of children dying from Covid is so low...why risk a vaccination that will potentially harm them??
Nobody should be force vaccinated against their will, especially children and especially for a virus that has never been seen. The vaccine is still experimental in the US and all of the ingredients have not been made public. The only version of the vaccine that isn't experimental isn't available in the US.
I feel strongly that the FDA SHOULD NOT APPROVE NOR ENCOURAGE THE COVID 19 vaccine for 5-11 year old children in this country or anywhere for that matter!!! I sincerely ask or beg y’all not to approve this. These poor children are counting on us to protect them not harm them!!
Gov't should not mandate COVID vacines for anyone especially children. Stop this obuse of govt' power.
Just like the flu shot, this should not be mandated for anyone. It is an individual’s choice. Especially for children who are less likely to be affected, a parent not the government should decide. 
This is immoral. No healthy child should be subject to this shot. I say NO!
Please do not approve covid vaccination for children. This product needs to be studied for years before even considering it. Look at the VAERS reports for adults! The number of adverse effects and death caused by the shots are completely unacceptable and also record breaking, do not put this in tiny bodies! This virus is also easy to get through for children.
We are all test subjects of these experimental vaccines. There are no long term studies, and have MANY reports of deaths & injuries from those who have already been injected. Children are the most vulnerable, and I absolutely oppose using them as subjects as well. I’m praying that decency and integrity prevails and this thing will not be mandated for children. 
Re: Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 mRNA gene therapy in the guise of vaccine for children ages 5-11Adamantly opposed to such usage.IFR for ages 0-18 = 0.0007%Informed consent not possible...animal trials non-existentClinical trials, incomplete. Long term consequences unknown,Direct violations of Nuremberg Code and Helsinki Declaration.Inhumane application of an experimental serum. Oppose.
I write as a parent of 3 and a grandparent of 5 beautiful souls. The population of this earth has had it with medical dictates. We are fed up. There is ample evidence to suggest that the jab you are debating for young children is unnecessary. We also all know there is zero evidence supporting its efficacy. Do your duty and reject the application for approval. Thank you. 
It is too early to vaccinate our children when there is a 99.99% survival rate among them and this would be for emergency use. It’s not clear that the benefits outweigh the risk. More so, our schools will require this group to get this vaccination to attend in person and put those vulnerable children at risk from adverse effects.
Children are pretty much close to zero threat from COVID using data from the CDC. Not sure what you are trying to prove. Parents should be able to sue if the vaccinations produce side effects. I respectfully ask that you do not grant the EUA for children.
DO NOT MANDATE THIS POISON FOR OUR CHILDREN!!!! WE WILL NOT COMPLY! 
Do NOT approve this vaccine for 5-12 year olds. You’ve killed enough people. 
Hello! I am very concerned about mandatory vaccines , especially for kids! America = freedom ! Give us our freedom! 
I do not believe COVID vaccines should be given to children aged 5-11. There is not enough research to support this and the side effects are worse than the disease. Please do not make our children test subjects.
IT'S SAFER TO WAIT UNLESS THERE'S ANOTHER AGENDA FOR THIS!!!!
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.. 
I am opposed to the promotion or mandating of COVID-19 vaccines for school age children, or anyone for that matter.
Please don't mandate parents vaccinate their children. Give them the choice.
I have zero confidence in the Covid hoax. I have less in the “solution “ that destroys perfectly fine God given immunity. My children will not be experimented on and have spike protein production wear out their immune system. I hope if this is rolled out that it will result in the destruction of the current school system. I believe that doing this is a crime against humanity. 
This vaccine while wonderful and effective for adults and the world has not been tested long enough to understand how it effects children as they grow and develop. I strongly recommend that this not be labeled for young children until it has been appropriately studied over an extended period of time. 
We already have enough vaccine damaged individuals in the world. Please don't add all these poor children to that huge tally by subjecting them to the Pfizer vaccine. Once all the science comes out, people who covered it up will be held accountable. 
There is not enough data to warrant using such a new drug on children with a low risk. Only children with a pre existing Heath condition have died from Covid. Please do not put our children at risk. 
Covid vaccination should not be mandated for children. Medical risk of vaccination exceeds the risk of disease. 
Our kids, our choice!!! COVID vaccine mandate for children is ridiculous, absurd and a violation of their little bodies. 
This is a population that has virtually no risk as per the mainstream narrative. A 99.9973% survival rate to be exact. Vaccinations are unnecessary and should be opposed in this age group.
The vaccine,regardless of manufacturer, has not been tested long enough. Don't poison the children with an unknown, untested vax that you don't know the long term effects of.Especially, don't mandate it, you will be held ACCOUNTABLE.
Please do not force us to inject experiments into our babies. We have no idea of the long term side effects.
Stop pharmaceutical companies from experimenting their vaccines on children without IRB approved ICF.
This is against our rights as Americans, and furthermore Humans. This has to end and it has to end now! No more Mandates 
Young children should not receive the COVID vaccines. There are no long term studies to determine how a child might react to this vaccine over time. This could be very serious for everyone and even a deadly mistake. Data shows nearly all children recover from COVID, but we have no studies or data to show if they will recover from this vaccine. Some will not.
I strongly oppose the approval of the Covid-19 vaccine for children ages 5-11! 
I'm extremely opposed to all approvals on the covid-19 vaccine for any age group, studies have already proved that adverse drug reactions occur after vaccination. None of theses findings are being reported on main stream media, more deaths are happening after vaccination, I definitely don't want our children affected by this experimental vaccine. 
It is so wrong to give vaccines to kids . They have the best immune system.
Please do not allow this to be law. If this becomes law freedom does not mean freedom anymore. And America is dead.
Children have very little risk of severe illness or death as a result of COVID. Any approval will obviously be in the financial interest of pharmaceutical companies and risk the health and lives of children. Do NOT authorize use for children!!!
Let me say that I am not against vaccinations but I do believe that it should be a choice!!!!!!!! I OPPOSE mandated Covid vaccination for all people but especially children 
I think the vaccine has too many adverse reactions and deaths associated with it to be used in young children until more research is done especially since this age group has an extremely low percentage of issues/deaths from Covid. 
Why ask people to take something that clearly isn’t effective! The children have natural antibiotics. We realize this is about control! All the money that Gates, Fauci the CDC to name a few has made off this plandemic! Stop it now! People will not let y’all harm their children. I’m in control of my grandchildren believe it. It’s a No! And I’m not joking. 
My child will not be getting this shot. It doesn't stop the spread or anyone from getting sick. I will unenroll my child from school if necessary. 
There are way too many adverse events reported with this vaccine for adults, this CANNOT be mandated for children 5-11, for the sake of humanity, I plead with you!
Parents should have the choice of their children’s medical health. It is unacceptable to mandate the COVID vaccine to children of any age. This vaccine has not gone through properly testing to even allow this type of mandate . 
There should be no rush on this for kids. Absolutely insane to approve this in children. The focus needs to be on the mental health crisis in kids. 
These vaccines are proving more dangerous for children and young adults than Covid 19 ever was. You know that it is wrong to require these vaccines or even authorize them for children. Follow your conscience and what you know is right. Do not authorize use for the Covid 19 vaccine for children. thank you
Please do not get the children involved in your insanity. 
I will not vax my children ages 5 & 11 years old. Not enough studies done and the survival rate is 99.98% . My kids have a healthy immune system that God created them with! 
Children are statistically and categorically NOT at risk from this virus. There is absolutely zero benefit to injecting them with a vaccine, especially an experimental one that has been shown to have devastating side effects, including death. Be on the RIGHT side of history and vote against this inhumane assault on our children!
Covid jabs can't even be considered vaccines and our children should NOT be injected with experimental drugs and other substances! No to jab mandates! 
:Void-mandates of the population, [e]specially the children!
No vaccines on children and there strong immune systems. They are less likely to die from it, this is a fact.. The virus is not a threat to them but the dangers of unproven vaccines are.Give parents the freedom to decide what is best for our children. You cannot mandate something that has not been tested.
Children should be given the option of choice when it comes to any medical procedure.
Do not use our children as guinea pigs!!! Stating that they are the spreaders and that is why they must be shot up is not a good enough reason. Even the vaccinated can transmit and spread- we are all spreaders… Do Not use an experimental drug on the future of our world. The risks are far too high. 
I DO NOT APPROVE OF COVID VACINES FOR ANYONE, ESPECIALLY CHILDREN. I am greatly opposed! stop this potential mandate NOW! Freedom to choose please!!
I will never let you people inject this poison into my children. May you burn in hell for what you’ve done to our beautiful country.
Please oppose vaccine mandates for children ages 5-12. Parents should be allowed to choose what is best for their child. 
This is wrong to experiment on our children and grandchildren. Wait a few years for some safety data on the heart problems of the teens and young adults. Elementary-age kids don't die but get life-long immunity, they have a 99.9973 survival rate. DON'T DO IT!!
You have lost the support of the public. Other than obese children or children with comorbidities, children are unaffected by COVID. Protect the vulnerable and do not force medical intervention on kids who do not need it.
Upon reading and understanding the data regarding covid and vaccines my children WILL NOT be participating in this vaccine experiment. I am following the science but most importantly my moral and ethical values when making decisions regarding MY children. 
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN .0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUNDS FOR AUTHORIZING 
Absolutely not. This has not been properly tested to be mandatory for adults, much less children!
NO TOO MANDATORY VACCINATIONS TO EVERYONE. ESPECIALLY CHILDREN. STOP THIS INSANITY. MY BODY MY CHOICE.
What is wrong with you people. Let the children keep their own natural immunity. 
This is tyranny! Do not vaccine children with an experimental unproven vaccine. It takes years to get an approved safe vaccine. Do not use children as guinea pigs. Just say NO NO. O! 
I am against mandating the Covid-19 vaccination for kids. Parents should most definitely have a choice whether to vaccinate their child with this vaccine. I will pull my kids out of school if this becomes the case.
No medication or vaccine for children should be recommended to the general public without a fully completed and reviewed stage 4 clinical trial. 
We have no idea of the long term effects of the covid vaccine. I feel like I am living in 1930's Nazi Germany. Forcing an injection on people with death listed as a side effect is not only unconstitutional, it's inhumane and disgusting. Segregating people due to their vaccine status is also unconstitutional. I WILL NEVER COMPLY NOR WILL MY FAMILY
The risks from this vaccine are much higher than the risk from covid for children. The VAERS reports on vaccine injuries are disturbing and should give anyone reason to pause and not move forward with authorizing these for children. Our children are not guinea pigs, nor should they be used to pacify the fears of adults.
Please exercise restraint and DO NOT authorize this. Study after study show that children are at basically zero risk for this. Why put them in jeopardy for the known side effects of the vaccine? 
The medical science experts have made it clear that children are a low risk of serious complications from Covid-19, and that there is increased risk of myocarditis/pericarditis from the Covid vaccine in children. Please do the right thing. Do not encourage the Covid vaccination of children. 
It is criminal to force an experiment on our youth that will potentially affect them for the rest of their lives! No vaccine mandates for our children!!
Please vote no on children 5-11 getting covid vaccines. We still don’t know the long term health effects and children’s lives will be lost if this is pushed through. Stop sacrificing children’s lives so adults can feel safer. Covid is something that is not likely to harm them and natural immunity will be much safer for our kids!
I am pro vaccine on many levels but a mandate for a Covid vaccine for our children is a different story. The research is not fully supported. We do not know long term effects and it is premature to make this decision at this time. I am a vaccinated parent who absolutely does not support this. 
There are too many adverse reactions in all ages of people that have had the vaccine, heart, strokes, seizures, unable to walk with the vaccine protein showing up with a spinal tap, and death. Those are short term, no way of knowing the long term effects. All the for a vaccine that is not all that effective, and only for a short period of time. 
You people have lost your fockin minds. You are pimping a failed experiment when you should be screaming about everyone getting healthy, taking vitamins and building their immune system instead of rewarding a fatty with a donut for taking the jab. All for a virus that kills fatties at less than 0.2%.
The studies show extremely low risk for children to getting Covid and for them dying from Covid 19. I am not anti vaccine I’m against not having enough studies to show long lasting affects on children. This is not ok to mandate a vaccine on children when we don’t know the long lasting affects on them. 
If you mandate children between 5 and 11 take an experimental vaccine, you are absolutely playing with fire. If there is a single death of a child in that age range due to forced vaccination, the people of the United States are going to demand that those responsible be put on trial. You can mark my words. Personally I think crimes against humanity have already occurred. 
I am against injecting children with the COVID-19 “vaccine”. VAERs reports need to be studied! 
Children are NOT at risk of illness or death from covid-19. The CDC says less than 1% of people will die from it. I do NOT support this mandate for children or ANYONE for that matter.
Vaccinologist Robert Malone helped develop these vaccines and is quoted in saying that children are 6 times more likely to die from the vaccine than from covid itself. Plus children only have died when having severe health issues. Children are mostly immune.
Please do not give an experimental drug to children ages 5 to 11. It is unnecessary to put their health at risk for a vaccine to prevent a virus most of them never will get and if they do, they will survive it. You have no long term studies that show the safety of this vaccine in children. You do not need to experiment on children. 
I will likely never advise any of my pediatric patients to receive any of the currently available COVID-19 vaccines, irrespective of approval status or patient underlying conditions.
I am NOT COMFORTABLE with this mandate. Based on the time frame, and available data
Vaccinations should not be mandated for anyone LET ALONE children. This is taking away our rights as U.S. citizens. Please, do not vote mandate this for our children. 
No vax for kids! You see the problems it is causing snd there is no data!!
I’m firmly against mandate Covid-19 vaccination, specifically for children. People should have a choice and not be threatened with the loss of employment.
This is against all human rights and is putting poison in our bodies and our children a bodies…..this has to stop! 
Please do not put our children at risk. Any perceived benefit of giving a shot to these ages is far outweighed by an unacceptable high risk of doing damage to otherwise healthy children who have statistically resisted covid via their own body's natural immunity.
While I have little doubt the Pfizer vaccine will be approved for EUA for the 5-11 age group, I hope the members of the advisory committee publicly address the ethical conflict of mandating a vaccine for persons under the age of 20, when in the future, it might be wiser for that population to be fully vaccinated with one dose, or to spread the doses out by six months. 
The forced push on this experimental vaccination on children is child abuse. There are no longterm safety studies done and the short term results of teenagers and men in general show serious cardiac issues. Where there is risk, there must be choice! 
I’m a mother of 3 children and a teacher. Parents should have a choice if they want their child to be vaccinated. 
Absolutely opposing this. Unethical and completely absurd. 
Do not vaccinate our healthy youth for Covid19. I don't support vaccinating these children who have strong immune systems
Please do NOT approve the COVID vaccine for children ages 5-11 ! You need more time to see the consequences this is going to have on our children , bad affects are already happening so please open your eyes and ears before even considering the thought of approval. Our children ,grand children , nieces and nephew’s lives are at stake ! Please please do not approve ! 
I'm strongly against vaccine for our children. There is no way to know of further side affects that could come years later in there life.Alsi there immune systems are strong enough to fight this and we will gain heard immunity. Please do not vaccinate the children they also cannot speak for themselves. 
I am opposed to mandated COVID vaccines for ages 5-12 years old. 
There has been too much misinformation about the vaccines effectiveness AND safety. Also, there should NOT be mandates to force people to get the shots.
Please do not include children in this mandate! Besides rarely catching virus, when they do they have nearly 100% recovery rate! There are more deaths with a vaccine than without! Have mercy on our future generation. These are our children!
Please do not consider this atrocity of giving these young children this "shot'. It is not a vaccine. It is a genetically modified , spike protein injection that will ultimately hurt everyone who is taking it... please fo your research!
My husband and I are not okay with our kids getting the Covid vaccine for many reasons but a couple of the main reasons are; the vaccine was rushed to the people without adequate studies, we don’t know the long term affects, aborted fetal cells were used to create it and Covid 19 is not a threat to our kids.
No To Covid VaccinesStrongly against any form of mandated vaccine especially on something that's being used by emergency use authorization only
No to a Covid-19 vaccine mandate for kids under 12!
Children do not need this vaccine. Children have robust immune system‘s and can easily fight COVID-19. This is backed by data and my own personal experience. Giving children vaccines for this is not only irresponsible but malicious.
Children do not need and should not be given experimental vaccines ever.
Stop this madness and don't vaccinate the kids. There are therapeutics to fight covid 19
“vaccines” should NOT be mandated. They contain ingredients dangerous to heath.
We do not agree children do not need to be vaccinated. This is child abuse. 
• We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
I totally disagree with children getting the COVID shot-they have such a small percentage of any ill effects if they get COVID AND the less toxins in their body, the better. More research needs to be conducted on the long term effects of this “vaccine” on all of humanity, but esp children. 
There is no need to jab small kids who aren’t at risk. These jabs are killing
Per the science and data, kids do NOT need this vaccine! They are better off without it! Do not approve this!
Please reconsider vaccines for children!!! They do not need them! They are not at risk! If this goes through you will possibly be causing more health issues! Let children of all ages live their lives worry free! 
Attempting to inject children with an experimental drug laced with graphene oxide, heavy metals, parasites, bioluminescent Luciferase, dead fetal cells and who knows what else, is premeditated murder. Millions dead an injured already in the experiment, so stay away from the children and youth. STOP!!!!!!!!!!!
No to covid vaccine mandate. It's a ridiculous thing to even consider. It has nothing to with the health and safety of Americans and anybody with half a brain knows it.
Please do not mandate vaccines for children They do not need them as they usually mild cases and they vaccines have not been tested long enough. The vaccines are more dangerous to the kids than Covid
As a parent of school age children, who have both had Covid 19, I would not consider a vaccine at this time. Children are known to be at a very low risk for serious illness with this virus. There are too many unknown factors about the vaccines and developing humans should not be subjected to drugs with unknown long term effects. It’s unjust and immoral.
No person, adult or child should be subjected to an experiment. Getting the vacine is a personal choice and in no way should their decision effect their freedoms. We are all, including you, FREE AMERICANS with protected rights and dont need Government to force upon us an their beliefs.
Why vaccinate anyone when there's proven therapeutics/prophylactics, HCQ and ivermectine? Even without them there's a 99.9x% chance that a person will survive covid. Given that and the data from the VAERS database these vaccines and boosters need to be stopped. They should not be given to children especially. This is borderline murder giving these vaccines to anyone. 
Why do you want to risk killing our children with a vaccine when the risk of children dying from COVID-19 is almost non-existent? Per the VAERS report in this link, https://vaersanalysis.info/2021/09/24/vaers-summary-for-covid-19-vaccines-through-9-17-2021/ ,this vaccine is more deadly and harmful than any other vaccine in history. Why do you want to hurt out children?
There are no long term studies on the effects on children for this vaccine. Children are not likely to suffer severe disease from COVID. There is no medical reason children should be forced to be injected by with this experimental drug. 
We are called upon the our Government to not making the mistakes and vaccinated our healthy children. With many years of studying Vaccinations and many children still affected, allergic and died from it.. Our children are not majorly sick from this pandemic and please do not repeated the mistakes through fears..
No small children should be getting a vaccine that is not affecting this age cohort. Their natural immune response is more than adequate and there is no need to give them a vaccine.
Tha sheer madness of vaccinating our kids with jabs that are gene therapy must stop. This is genocide
There is nothing proving this is a safe vaccine! There is no way to know the side effects in 3 years!!! This is almost in humane!!!!
We will not support a mandate for our children to be a science experiment. We support freedom of choice!!! 
Children are the least at risk of dying from COViD. It is reprehensible that the government would push an experimental vaccine with significant adverse side effects for children who would fare much better with gaining natural, long-term, immunity. 
I am totally against children ages 5-11 years old being mandated to get covid19 vaccines! The science proves that they are not effective or safe and naturally immunity is the way to go for children! It also has been proven that hydroxycloriquinn and ivermectim is safe and effective. 
According to the data, these EUA vaccines are more deadly for our children than the virus! We do not know what the long term affects will be. The vaccine trials are still ongoing. I know it would be a big mistake to put our children, grandchildren and future generations in danger. It is our responsibility as parents and caretakers to protect the children. Stop the insanity! Do NOT approve! 
Children are at a low risk of developing serious health problems with the Covid. They should not be required to take the vaccine unless their pediatrician makes a strong recommendation 
science has proven young kids are not at risk and don't need to be vaccinated or need to wear masks, this in only a power grab by the goverment and the American people are getting sick and tired of being told what to do. If you believe in Science you know your kids DO NOT need this,
Let the people make their own decisions. There's no way to know long term effects and the short term is not convincingly positive. My body is a Temple of the Spirit not part of a large scale testing ground
No vaccine should be required for a virus that has a 99% survival rate, especially among children. Parents should determine whether or not their child should have or have the vaccine. 
Children should not be mandated to take an experimental shot when the Actual Vaccines are not even mandated. Let the parents and their trusted Healthcare advocates work together to make the decision on what is best for each individual child. Leave the government and politics out of family choices. 
Please do not allow the approval of the vaccines for five to 11 year olds go through. The truth is that we have no idea what these vaccines will do to young children. I beg of you to not let them be part of the experimental trial for a virus that does not effect them. 
I object to mandated Covid vaccines for children ages 5-11. The sample size was insufficient to determine safety and unintended consequences regarding complications due to myocarditis. It would be tragic if the numbers of children affected were larger than expected.
No vaccine mandate for anyone especially children under 18
This needs to stop! We can all recover from this virus with the help of IVM or HCQ. Stop the insanity with the mandates and the government overreach. Stop the politics!
Our children DO NOT need this vaccine. Follow the science. I am a mother of four young girls. My husband and I had covid last January. The girls all quarantined with us and not one even got a sniffle. I'm sure they have antibodies but we never tested them. There is no long term data to show this un-needed vaccine is are for our kids. And with a 99.8% survival rate, the don't need it!
 I am strongly opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. I believe, the risk of the vaccine to children outweighs any benefit.
Forcing an experimental drug on anyone is a bad idea.
Enough of us know you are using bad science and “noble lies” to force this upon us all. We will win and those at the FDA will be put on trial. Nuremberg 2.0
Please do not make the covid vaccine mandatory for children 5-11. As parents we deserve the freedom of choice and our kids should not be forced to get a vaccine that just came out and we don’t know the long term side effects.
Do not approve any COVID 19 vaccines for children! I got the J&J vaccine. I've been sick ever since. Racing heart, blood pressure skyrockets then drops too low, joint pain, headaches, insomnia. These vaccines need far more research. Our kids are not lab rats.
You will not force this "vaccination" on me and my family. There's no way we will get this! Oh and MAGA! LET'S GO BRANDON!
The FDA prior to covid and globalism would have never even considered this let alone approved it. You will kill kids with these vaccines and remove any trust the people have in you that’s left. This isn’t science, this isn’t safety, this is evil and you will be remembered for your part. 
Please reconsider this approval. Kids immune systems are so pure... Do not use an experimental vaccine that could cause long term affects as adults. We don't have the data and I believe this is wrong. 
No mandates for children to receive vaccines or any other trial medications with out long term studies. 
We live in the land of the free! No to ALL vaccine mandates esp our children. More children die in car crashes every year than they do getting covid.
I m asking that you vote NO to mandates for kids vaccines thats just plain wrongvkids haveva good immune system they dont need this shot stop messing our kids up 
The covid vaccines have not finalised testing and trials. To vaccinate children under the age of 18 with something that hasn’t completed testing is morally wrong if not illegal.
NOO NOO NOOO TO POISON JABS, FOR ADULTS, AND ESPECIALLYY CHILDREN OF ANY AGE!!! DO NOT JAB OUR KIDS!!!
Vaccine mandates are unconstitutional and violate basic human rights. Mandates are design to destroy the very fabric of our society and our economy. NO to vaccine mandates
I am against the vaccine for children. Let the parents decide for their children not the government deciding for them. Children are least effected by coronavirus. The vaccine mandate is absolutely sickening and is the beginning of the end for this country. 
Covid vaccines should be each individual's decision. A parent should be able to decide whether or not their child should get the vaccine. This is their right as an American citizen. Freedom. 
Do not mandate an EUA vaccine for children 5-12. Clinical trials take 5-10 years and we do not know the long term safety of these new experimental vaccines that Pfizer and Moderna have produced. We are also seeing astronomical VAERS adverse events and death reports. Any other vaccine would have been pulled from the shelves by now. 
The risk reward of vaccinating my children are very clear. The risk is much greater then the reward so I will not be vaccinating them. That being said my Pfizer stock depends on vaccinating children so please force them all to get the vaccine. I want my share price to go higher.
I object to any child receiving the vaccine for covid 19. There are easy too many deaths relating to this vaccine and it should be removed from treatment immediately!
Do not vaccine our children, do not try an experiment on our children adults animals, this is insane and gone on too long. What you are doing is criminal and you will pay for your crimes against humanity.
I am absolutely against the FDA approving or allowing EUA covid vaccine authorization for any child, no matter the age or any adults for that matter. The negatives outweigh any positives. The potential adverse reactions can and have been severe. 
A Covid vaccine is not necessary for kids. The science shows over and over kids are not a threat to others. Stop this madness. Protect our kids and our right to choose. 
100. % against mandatory vaccines .For anyone - but especially children .Over a 99% survival rate. There ARE treatments if gov’t wouid allow ! 
Anyone that vaccinated our children with these Toxic covid vaccines should and will be held accountable for crimes against humanity. 
Please say no to covid vaccines for children. There are too many unknowns. Plus they breeze through covid if they contract it at all. The risk benefit is not there. 
Please do not approve a vaccine for children that has not been thoroughly and rigorously tested. There is no way during this timeline the effects of this vaccine are known, especially any long term effects. 
I opposed the approval for Covid 19 vaccines for 5-11 year old. Their risk is negative for children. We do not have long term studies to justify the need of such vaccines for minors. In fact it seems that the risk of myocarditis is far more prevalent than dying of Covid at a young age. Leave the children alone. 
This is wrong and against our religious freedom. Tyranny. No government should hold the power to decide what is allowed in our bodies or our children’s bodies without consent. You should be ashamed of yourselves. This is not God’s Will. This is not freedom. 
This is ridiculous. Kids this age literally have a better chance of getting hit by lightning then being affected by Covid. Stop the madness! Do not mandate the COVID jab!!!!!!
No one should have to take the vaccine. It should be a choice. Freedom of choice and voice are a huge part of what this country was founded on! Dr Brown - Kansas City
I do not see that the risks of the current form form if the COVID-19 vaccine outweighs the benefits for children. I am not confident that enough time has passed to adequately study long term side effects in children. If a mandate is made requiring COVID-19 vaccination to attend public school I will pull my children out and find other means of education.
When did the FDA become communist dictators? There is not enough safety data on these vaccines long term, and this is not a child’s disease! Over 99.9% survival for kids, and it’s proven to NOT stop the spread or stop you from getting it. WE SEE YOU! Get your paws OFF OTHER PEOPLE’S CHILDREN!! You are NOT God
Please do not make a mass mandate that all children should be vaccinated. Every individual is just that an individual and every person has different health issues. There is too much controversy with the vaccine for mass directions to be given out. Parents should be allowed to be a parent and make any health decisions for their own children. 
I 100% oppose this vaccine mandate and it being FORCED upon families unwillingly. What happened to America being FREE? This is not freedom. We should all be FREE to CHOOSE what goes into our bodies and our precious children’s bodies!!!!! This is wrong & sickening. I support the right to have a choice. 
My standards for my kids and my family are much higher than the FDA’s.
Children do not need this shot, it is unnecessary. Children have an immune system that can be used against this virus. I do not agree. Along with taking care of their bodies with nutrition and vitamins this shot is unnecessary. This virus has a 99.97 survival rate.
Do not mandate any COVID-19 vaccine for children. There is no proven benefit. 
NO! to mandatory covid shots for children! Children rarely get covid, why the shots? It can cause heart problems, and there is NO repercussions for the vaccine manufacturer! Our kids are NOT your guinea pigs!
I am totally opposed to manditory vaccines for anyone especially children. I am saying this as a person who is fully vaccinated for Covid BY MY OWN CHOICE!
There is no sound reason for injecting children this young with an experimental non- FDA approved vaccination, created using a new and untested technology, and already producing serious adverse reactions including death in adults. Any other vaccination would have been pulled from the market at this point, and it is unconscionable to even consider doing this to children 
On the topic of mandated vaccination of children, please consider a parent's right to choose for their own children. Parents do not want to put their children in danger and we make choices everyday to keep our children safe and healthy. Please do not take away our parental rights to protect our children as we see fit.
Covid-19 vaccination for children, especially aged 5-12, should remain an individual CHOICE and not be required. They are in an extremely low COVID complication risk category. 
It is inherently dangerous to forcefully inject an experimental drug into minor children. It goes against everything this country once stood for and beliefs may still hold dear.Beyond dangerous it is unconstitutional and illegal to force this “vaccine” on anyone let alone our countries youth. 
There is absolutely no justification to give children a vaccine for a virus that they are largely unaffected by. Parental choice in the matter of their children’s health needs to be paramount. Stop making this virus out to be more of an impact than is real. 
Absolutely not should this vaccine be mandated for anyone much less children, you will force us to take children out of public school but we will do it to protect them!
Absolutely UNACCEPTABLE to vaccinate children let alone mandating it. This is the hill millions of parents will die on. This vaccine is untested long term on humans and to inject CHILDREN with it is unconscionable. 
I am COMPLETELY AGAINST the approval or EUA of any COVID-19 vaccine for children. The adverse side affects COMPLETELY outweigh any benefits! With children being in the lowest risk possible category, why would you even consider putting this poison into their little bodies. 
Please do make is subject our children to this. They are healthy amd smart so let them grow!
No child should be mandated to take the experimental jab!!!!Nuremberg Codes (look them up)99.9+% survival for children!! Why is this even being considered!!! 
What kind of people are these that want to inject kids with this poison, this government needs to be arrested and tried on crimes against humanity 
I am a parent of two young girls, 6 and 8 years old and I strongly disagree with approving this vaccine for 5-11 year olds. There is such a low risk of Covid deaths for this age group it is an unnecessary product to put into my children’s bodies. 
Trump is dismantling you right now. People are exposing you. You mandate this vaccine for Children you will have an uproar of people. The Bible says to have child like faith but yet here we fighting for our children. This is disgusting and shouldn’t even be up for discussion. I’m not anti-vaxx but I’ve seen the patents on sars Covid. Shame on the government! Disgusting! 
There is NO BENEFIT to children in a vaccine. At this point, almost every child has been exposed to C19. They’ve either been sick or not. They have natural immunity, which is more robust than the vaccine. If kids should mask indefinitely, per CDC guidelines, then what’s the point? Where’s the off-ramp? Are you planning on shaming & segregating kids who aren’t vaccinated?
How much sense does it make to require a mandatory injection of an experimental vaccine for children who have a 98% survival rate? Wake up!!
It’s the most a absurd thing I have ever heard. Children should NOT get this experimental vaccine. So many people have been injured and hurt and now you want to do the same to children. NO WAY!!!! Who’s funding you. We parents object vehemently to this vaccine for children. 
Ladies and Gentlemen,Please vote against mandating children to get the COVID-19 vaccine. It is experimental. They are our future generation. I am begging you please to vote no. God will bless you mightily for it.Thank you and God Bless You!
I strongly oppose the approval of vaccinating children for covid 19. This drug has not been fully tested and there are no data on possible long term effects. Short term data is showing severe injuries to teenagers and adults so why would you even contemplate using babies to trial this drug? This would be gross negligence and have dire consequences! 
While I am vaccinated myself against covid I do not believe that we need to rush a vaccine for children 5-11. It makes me very nervous that once this goes through the government will be mandating it for children to go to school which is complete insanity. 
There is enough information circulating for people to be able to make their own personal decisions for themselves and their families. Do not mandate or require vaccines ! Period 
We oppose any mandates of any sort for anything that could go against religious beliefs of all types of religion in a free country, especially for younger children who are so innocent to begin with please reconsider this Unconsfitutional mandate thannk you 
No vaccine mandates, no financial incentives, no penalties, no vaccine clinics onsite at schools!
I DO NOT GIVE CONSENT TO VAXXING OUR CHILDREN BY FORCE!!!! IT IS TYRRANY AND THE PPL WILL FIGHT BACK FOR OUR RIGHTS!
I believe that it does not make sense to vaccinate young children especially when studies from around the world are saying they are not of risk of dying or getting seriously sick. They have just as much risk to having a reaction to the vaccine as to the virus. The studies have also shown they do not spread the virus. I will not be getting my kids vaccinated with this experimental drug. 
I believe you have not done enough testing in General! We are dealing with children who are still developing and this vaccine is not properly tested if in the testing on ferrets they all died how can you I use are children as lab research!
Kids risk of death from COVID is almost none, the risk with the vaccine does not outweigh the benefit.And secondly if a kid or person have had COVID the immunity is greater than having the vaccine, don’t ignore science.Please do the right thing.
No vaccine mandates for children or anyone else. No mask mandates either. 
Why isn’t natural immunity considered as an additional solution to this pandemic? My entire family have proven natural immunity and we have since early 2020. I refuse to inject my family with a synthetic version is what we already have naturally. In addition, the vaccine has not been tested long enough. It’s dangerous and irresponsible. Our children are not enrolled in clinical trials. 
If we vaccinate our children with unproven Jabs this is the most criminal thing this country had done. The monsters behind this will burn in hell. 
There is absolutely no need to inject young children with an experimental gene therapy that has serious side effects & minimal long term efficacy. 99.97% of children recover from Covid. DONT DO THIS TERRIBLE THING! You will be called to account for your despicable actions to date. 
I am strongly against Gov telling me what to do with my children. This includes requiring vaccines for young children. Absolutely not OK!!!
NO.NO.NO.NO.NO. This is absurd. This is disgusting. I do not agree that children 5-11 should be forced/“mandated” to get this vaccine. NO ONE SHOULD. WE HAVE A RIGHT TO QUESTION AND TO WAIT. Drop the deadlines and let people make their OWN CHOICES FOR THEIR BODY! 
There is no research for long term effects on children. Do not allow children to be forced to take this.
Do not recommend an unproven shot that has not been fully tested and does not meet 'vacine Statis' requirements into the bodies of innocent children. To do so is the height of Quackery. Are you willing to let your children and/or grandchildren be the first in line. I pray that you would not require any child to be a living guinea pig. 
After seeing 5 healthy adults that I know die from the Covid shot it is clear that children should never get this. They have almost 0 risk of dying from Covid 
I disagree with mandating this vaccine in anyone, much less children ages 5-12. There just isn't enough available information/research to enforce this when we don't know any long term effects. 
This poison has already affected more lives than should be allowed without recalling them. Do not authorize this to be used on any kids let alone young kids.
Until the vaccine manufacturers have liability for it causing damage, it should not be mandatory. 
Government and institution have no place in making decisions for other people’s children’s health related topics. This is solely for parents to decide. Natural immunity is the way especially for children as they are incredibly low risk! Freedom of medical choice is not be infringed upon!
 DO NOT APPROVE covid shot for children of ANY age. Period.
There have been more than 700,000 adverse events and 150,000 deaths associated with this mRNA vaccine. Stop this deadly, disabling vaccine experiment. Your lame incompetence is obvious, stop selling your souls to the devil.
Worst possible thing you can do. Genocide of the youth!
Do not approve any COVID-19 so called vaccines, especially for children under 18. These have not been proven to be effective in preventing the disease, only proven to kill animals and people. We are unfortunately learning the short term effects of these untested so called vaccines so what about the long term? I encourage you to disapprove any and all EUAs on these so called vaccines. 
I am a mom and your vaccine is experimental. There are no long term studies so our kids will be the experiment. I do not consent for my kids to get this vaccine and definitely don’t agree that they are safe for anyone especially for 5 to 11 year old kids. 
I do not agreed that children need to be vaccinated against COVID. It’s ridiculous when they are the least at risk for COVID.
FDA when you know better it’s time to do better. How is giving this vaccine to children even a discussion? Each and every person that voted in favor of this will be held accountable one day. Data shows that children are not affected by this virus and the idea of injecting spike proteins in their developing bodies is criminal! All of this nonsense has made me lose faith in medicine and humanity. 
Young children are the least affected population- the efficacy and safety of COV 2 injections are NOT well established- there is NO crisis for you to act upon. DO NOT PASS - FDA-2021-N-1088-0001
I do not wish to be mandated covid vaccine for children under 12. This is something that Inwish to chose to give to my children or not. 
I don’t feel kids should be forced to take the vaccine to get an education. All of our rights are slowly being taken away
Vaccines are precious and they should be used AS NEEDED. Our children DO NOT need a COVID vaccine because they were never a group that carries major risk! Follow the actual science instead of playing politics. 
Children have a nearly zero percent chance of dying from COVID19. Therefore, since the long term risks are unknown for a new technology that's never been used in animals or animals it is irresponsible to force vaccination upon children. 
Thank you for giving our kids a fighting chance against COVID-19 by approving a vaccine for kids under 12. This is the way to end this pandemic -- by making it possible for everyone, of all ages, to get vaccinated. My child will be getting the shots as soon as they become available. Thank you for protecting our kids and extended families by making this vaccine available as soon as possible.
I believe this vaccine needs a little more time and research before putting it in young children. 
There is absolutely no reason to require any child between the ages of 5-12 to receive a vaccine against COVID-19. Please stop this madness. 
As a father and active member of my community, I strongly oppose any vaccine mandate for children or youth, or others of any age. This steps far beyond the authority of the FDA, or any federal officials, and will meet with my, and many others, strong opposition.
I agree with having vaccines available for those who CHOSE to get them for themselves and the safety of their family. I am absolutely AGAINST mandates for children EVEN MORE than I was against mandates for adults. This is wrong. 
We are strictly against COVID children vaccination. It’s brutal and insane . Please, get your hands off our kids . You are forcing us to get vaccinated, but kids vaccinations is just above the logical analysis. Our body- our choice ! Please, don’t touch our kids ! 
It should be up to the parents and child to decide whether they need or want the vaccination.
Please for the sake of our children do not mandate this vaccine It should be tested at least 10 years don’t use our children as your testing laboratory, that’s what mice are for!May the fear of the Lord be your guideThankyou Melody Becker
Please do your due diligence and research the risks vs benefits of vaccines before thinking about mandates. It will be nearly impossible for a person in their right mind to mandate vaccines especially for young children if they do their research. Regardless of the science you follow, mandating vaccines is unethical and restricts freedom of choice.
Children between the ages of 5-11 are at not a high risk group and therefore do not need to be mandated to take the Covid vaccine. 
I am against this potential mandate for the children to get the covid vaccine. They are not at risk and there have been too many adverse reactions to subject our children to a vaccine that doesn’t even prevent them from getting covid. Please reconsider!
Covid 19 Vaccine should not be mandated for children. There are too many implications of cardiac issues.
I do not support this. This is not protecting our children this is making them slaves to money driven politicians. Please protect our children and our rights to medical freedom. 
No Shots for the kids! I’m opposed. Stop these Crimes against humanity now!
Do not force these mandates on our children. They deserve so much better. 
Please do not enforce the job on our children, their immune system‘s enough to battle Covid I know because I’m old and I’ve had it so please reconsider poisoning his children
Covid vaccines should not be used on children. We are already seeing significant side effects on adults who have participated in covid vaccination protocols. 
This is not ok. The vaccine is proven to be ineffective. Follow the science! The numbers are there to show it does not work.
My Body, MY CHOICE…My child/grandchild, MY DECISION!
The COVID vaccine for children should not be mandated and be left up to parental decision. I'm not against childhood vaccines however, there is low risk to children. It should be left up to parents on if they believe having their kids get this vaccine is worth the odds of issues with the vaccine. 
No thank you!!! Not enough proven, long term studies that this Covid vaccine is beneficial or warranted for adults or children. No, no, no, not for children.
Opposed! Stand strong PA. Don’t let them make the choice for your kids. 
Please don't approve this, the high standards of safety for all other vaccines have not been met for the Covid Vaccine. Children should never be experimented on, it's simply unethical.
As an educated and concerned American citizen I strongly oppose all Covid 19 vaccines and mask mandate for children! They are not high risk and furthermore the vaccines have not been tested in long term trials! Israel has a huge problem. Now with a lot of boys having heart problems. The ones sho lived may not be able to have children! We must not allow this to happen to Americans! 
Please stop the vaccines. Enough is enough. Whoever wants them got them. Please review the VEARS reports and start listening to other doctors besides Fauci. 
Forcing child vaccinations with no FDA approval across the boards could be harmful to the kids who are our future.
Please approve the childhood COVID shot for Pfizer soon. I truly believe this is the only way we can get ahead of this pandemic. I have 4 children in my household that this approval will cover.
Absolutely no need for children to get the cv 19 vaccine. And we all know this. Look at the data and know that an experimental vaccine has unknown long term side effects.
I prize my rights of medical choice for my children and self, and will maintain my liberties of bodily autonomy. I urge you to not allow experimental COVID shots to be used on immature children. The ingredients alone, and lack of any worthy trials make any covid shot dangerous to say the least.
This should not be allowed- the parents of these children should be weighing risk and benefit and deciding for themselves if they choose to vaccinate.
This Covid-19 vaccination program, especially "mandated" vaccination for ANYONE, is a Crime Against Humanity as outlined in The Nuremberg Code. There is NO Informed Consent. Stop this tyranny NOW!
It is an absolute atrocity to experiment any and all vaccines on humans let alone children! Please stop this madness
Vaccinating children with mRNA vaccines could trigger destructive immune reactions that could be devastating. It has been shown that childrenare in no danger from COVID-19 and few are transmitting it. You can not unvaccinated a child and I strongly object to a vaccine mandate. 
As a mother and teacher of children, this is still an experiment. If adults choose to inject an experiment not their body that is one thing. To mandate children get a shot of fetal tissue without any experiment done is reckless. Think about your own children and grandchildren when making a decision like this. Please protect our children and their health. They have already been through so much.
No vaccine mandate for children!!!! I do not co-parent with the government!!
No mandates for children. Significant long term data on what is already out needs to be studied and evaluated. This is our future.
Children do not need an experimental vaccine. They are resilient when it comes to illness. There are too many unknowns with these COVID vaccines. There are NO long term studies and children are our future. They are already jabbed with enough vaccines. Wait until you have years of studies and it’s fully approved before allowing children to receive it. 
It is against our human rights to mandate vaccines. I do not agree with this and wouldn't be forced to do something I don't agree with. Never ever was anyone ever forced to take a vaccine why all of a sudden now? It should be anyone's own choice.
I absolutely do not want children getting this ‘vaccine’. There is absolutely no proof the covid exists as a virus and no proof that it is transmittable. Association is not causation. You know this is a sham and the fact that you perpetuate it will eventually hurt your soul. At least save our children. 
no to mandatory vaccines for children, not enough testing, safety and too many documented side effects
I'm a RN pleading with you not to approve this vaccine for children 12 and under. Local governments are harming everyone with this mandate. Please ethically consider the potential this could have. I could say so much but I can't. Please don't, just please don't approve this vaccine, there is no true need for it.
The covid 19 vaccine should NEVER be mandated for children. Parents should have a right to have a say in their children’s health and medical care. Parental rights still exist and still matter. 
These aren’t vaccines for Covid. Vaccines provide immunity from disease. None of the compounds for which the FDA as provided emergency use authorization provide immunity from Covid. In fact, they all contain elements that have proven toxic to people. Over 15,000 Americans have died following Covid vaccination And the VAERS shows over 700,000 reported adverse effects.
These experimentalcovid 19 vaccines should not be used for children. We have no idea about long term effects in adults or children. With the increasing number of adverse reactions, side effects and deaths reported we should be hesitant to continue use in adults, let alone start it on our children. 
Do you have any studies on how the vaccine will impact a child's growth?(Neurological, reproductive, etc.)
No NO Vaccine Mandates for Anyone - Most of all children. We're watching you and will be coming for you when Trump returns.
The approval (EUA) of Covid vaccine for 5-12 year olds should not be approved the risk of Covid to this age group can not satisfy the risk of vaccine with know heart inflammation issues. The fact no long term study has been completed is large unknown future risk. 
I do not believe a mandate of a Covid vaccine for children to go to school is right. You will see a high number of children being pulled out of school if this mandate goes into effect. Get rid of the masks in school too. It is not necessary. Let kids be normal again in school. You wonder why mental health needs are so high for children now more than ever!?! 
I do not want my 6 year old grandson vaccinated !! He has been exposed to COVID ! Too young to be vaccinated! Religious exemption as well 
This Vaccine should not be used on children. They are not at risk and should not be putting anything in their body that isn’t vital.
The covid 19 shot for children is asinine. With a 99.997% recovery rate we will be doing more harm then good!! Please stop this foolishness!
Forcing children to get a proven dangerous, experimental shot ( it is not a vaccine!) is beyond evil. Whatever official votes to implement this is complicit in a horrid crime against our most powerless citizens. Please do not allow this to happen.
It is not the governments place to mandate vaccinations for children , especially a "therapeutic" that is not approved fully by the FDA , and no liability for the pharmaceutical company, hospital, or business that administers the shot to said child. This is unconstitutional and violates the Nuremberg laws
Please DO NOT APPROVE COVID VACCINE for children!! They are not at risk and are more likely to be harmed by the shot. Remember Maddie and preserve the integrity of the FDA!!! 
There is no need to give children another vaccine. Especially making it mandatory. I pray you start protecting our children instead of helping others have financial gain. 
No to vaccination mandate. Studies have proven 18 under less likely to get covid and pass it to other. 99% recovery rate.
I oppose all mandates upon any human being. Any government official or citizen that is for these mandates should be ashamed of themselves and do not represent America land of the free.
After so many side effects that are widely reported, how are we still seriously considering giving this thing to children? I have heard of so many cases of the vaccine causing heart issues or other effects that the benefits definitely don’t outweigh the risks. 
Vaccines are just not needed for young children. Enough is enough. 
Children 12 and under should not be mandated to be vaccinated for Covid 19. Minimal amount of children are affected by Covid. 
ÑØ vaccine has ÊVÉR been proven safe with θ long¬term safety studies!! vaxxines are filled with dozens of toxic adjuvants along with thee vaxx companies having 0 liability for thee compensation related to adverse effects¡!¡
Children have the strongest most resilient immune systems. We have seen through science that they have a higher recovery rate to Covid 19 than the seasonal flu. As a result, there is no point in vaccinating them.
Stop forcing these deadly shots to humans. You are criminals
I oppose covid vaccination for kids. Not enough data. Risk is higher than benefit considering that kids don’t get severe covid. 
Please no vax for precious vulnerable children! It is not healthy for them.
I'm asking you to stop this madness. Do not mandate young children to take this gene therapy. You KNOW the shot is killing people. Sterilizing people. Harming people. 
There is no long or short term studies done on this vaccine. Please don’t make this a mandate!
I absolutely oppose approving and mandating the Covid-19 vaccine for children 5-12! The science clearly shows that they are at such minimal risk or infection and spreading the virus they do not need to be vaccinated!! Please allow us as parents decide what is best for our children and their health! Do not approve or mandate this vaccine!!
The risk for Children 5-11 from Covid is already incredibly small. There is no basis for an EUA for this segment of the population. There should be time for proper studies done on this age of children before approval.
No Vaccine Mandates! Leave choice for future generations. Do not give goverments the ability to invade our bodies. God will must stay free. God Bless. Don't be Evil.
Please consider NOT mandating this COVID vaccine for kids 5-11 as it is experimental and potentially life threatening. Thanks,Gina Hansen
No jabs for 5-11 year old babies..their bodies do not this. Let their immune systems work!!
I am not in favor of mandating this vaccine to children. The parents have the responsibility to make informed decisions for their children. This is not acceptable and it is against our constitution and our rights! Please stop pawning and using our children! God bless you all and may your conscience help you sleep at night!
Covid 19 is not a killer nor should it be treated as if it is Ebola! Kids do not require vaccines and if they get one it should be up to their guardians/parents. Do not force tyranny and make kids get these shots! It’s against the constitution!
Please, please, please do NOT require vaccinations in children 5-11. Science does not show that this age group is at risk. Please!
Kids are at a statistical zero of problems with Covid 19. They are at a MUCH bigger risk of problems with this “vaccine.” Myocarditis has been a problem with these shots- especially for younger men. Follow the science! It makes no sense to inject healthy children with an investigational shot that does not stop transmission. Hands off our future generation! We stand for our kids!
Our children are the least affected! Why are you doing this to our children? How about this? For every beaurocrat wanting to do this, they provide their own children to experiment on. Stop the madness already! We are not the CCO.. or are we??
I am against this mandate and our children do not need to comply to being test subjects. I will not give this to my children! Absolutely no way will I do this! 
Kids have such a small risk of dying of COVID this experimental shot is completely unnecessary and far more dangerous than if they got the illness. Do the right thing and do not approve this for children. The blood clot and heart side effects of this shot are far more dangerous. 
There is absolutely no reason to be injecting children, who are uneffected by Covid-19 with an experimental drug. We will not tolerate it. We will not comply. This is child abuse. 
It is APPALING to even think about vaccinating children!!!! The risk of them having complications from the vaccine are much more than recovering if they get COVID. Leave kids alone!!!!!!
Do NOT approve these COVID vaccines for Children. The vaccines are not working and children DON'T NEED THEM. Indeed, the decision to approve the vaccines needs to be reversed due to the declining efficacy and increasing VAERS reports. The FDA lost all credibility by the rushed and political approval of the existing set of vaccines. You let down the American people.
The COVID 19 vaccines are not safe. So many side effects from this vaccine and doctors are not reporting. Please stop the vaccine mandate. 
Children should not be given this drug. It has been stated that it does not prevent covid-19. It is toxic and evil.
I am not ok with this. There is not enough data to authorize this vaccine for children this young. 
Way to early to now what the vaccination will do to kids this young! We need to wait a year and see what happens to the adults that have gotten their shots!
Do not try and mandate COVID vaccines for children. You will not win this battle. It’s a sick and reckless path. Also, Dr. Fauci should be indicted for crimes against humanity.
Do not put the poison in our young children. You will have crossed the line.
Kids don’t need it. According to American Pediatrics the mortality rate is 0% - .25%. It’s not worth the risks of unknown long term side effects we’re already seeing with young men and myocarditis. Please do not approve for EUA, go outside -there is no emergency
I am commenting as an extremely concerned parent. The fact that there is even consideration for vaccinating the 5-11 year old age group is alarming. What about the risks; both long term and short term? What about a risk-to-benefit study? Essentially the risk of dying from the virus within this age group is zero. Why would this even be considered?! 
Regarding COVID-19 vax. This is SO NEW, we have no long term knowledge of what this vaccine will do! Subjecting ours kids and babies to this is unethical! Unconstitutional!! No mandates!!!! 
Please wait until thorough testing is complete and until we understand the long term impact of this “ vaccine “. Children have a great recovery rate from covid and low risk of mortality without the shot. 
With more than 17,000 deaths recorded in the VAERS database due to COVID injections in the U.S., there is no reason why anyone should be given a COVID injection, much less children. Make no mistake: everyone who pushes or permits these injections - especially in children - will be judged guilty before God.
As a physician, I am appalled at your brazen proposal to administer this experimental vaccine to children without awaiting the completion of proper long-term safety trials. It's one thing to push it on adults; it's criminal to allow this intervention to be given to individuals who do not have the power or the emotional maturity to decline it. 
Children should not be given the covid19 vaccine as its untested, unsafe . They have a 99.8% survival without the jab do not worth the risk as the science isn't there .
Please do not approve the administration of these shots to our children. They are not at risk. Natural immunity is real and life long lasting. please allow us to make our own medical decisions. Ivermectin, HCQ, vitamins. Please allow us to live unrestricted as it relates to our health and our lives. 
Children are not at risk from COVID, which has been proven by the statistics. Consequently, children should not be vaccinated, and they most transmission of COVID is from adult to adult. I am strongly against vaccinating children with a vaccine that has not been studied for long term effects.
The FDA should stop consideration for all covid 19 vaccines for children immediately! We will hold you accountable for all damages, deaths and injuries caused by these untested, untried, and experimental vaccines.
No mandates for children. Their immune system is strong. It is the parents responsibility to make medical choices for their children! Stop this insanity and leave the children alone
oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds.
Please I beg you to not do this! You must wake up and stop killing innocent people with this shot!!! 
Children do not need the COVID shot. Will do more harm than good for them
No Covid shot mandates! I do not want kids to have to get the Covid vaccine. 
Please do not vaccinate children. The risks are far too great. Do not harm an entire generation. 
Please use good scientific evidence and DO NOT require children to be vaccinated with an unproved drug especially since 2 of those drugs have fetal tissues from aborted babies.
Vaccines by choice, not force. Don't take the rights away from parents. 
Mandating vaccines for children 5-11 is unsound due to the fact that children of that age group have a nearly zero percent chance of dying from Covid. Therefore, any risks associated with the vaccine itself far outweigh any benefit that would be derived from receiving the vaccine. 
Please do NOT grant emergency use authorization of the covid inoculation for our young children. 
It is truly unbelievable that you are considering approval for a virus that has over a 99 percent cure rate and the long term effects of this vaccine have not been tested. Who will be responsible when these children are injured from this vaccine? 
I oppose the proposed vaccine mandate for children ages 5-12. As a pediatric nurse at CHLA and a mother of two precious children I believe it’s not in the best interest of our children, community or future to mandate vaccines for this age group. Please put yourself in the shoes of the parents and children and make a choice with wisdom, logic and compassion. Thank you for your consideration. 
We have no idea what the long term effects will be on children with any covid vaccine. I do not encourage playing Russian Roulette with kids of any age. Please stop this rediculous attempt at making decisions for our children; a pandemic that has greater than 99.5% recovery rate, we will handle our own children’s health care.
According to statistics, children do not get sick or get sick in a mild form. The percentage of death is scanty. Children do not need a vaccine, much less a vaccine that has no long-term research. Who is responsible for any harm this vaccine can cause? who can now guarantee that a vaccine is 100% safe and free of adverse effects? all these insinuations in her safety are absolutely unsupported!
Do not approve any covid shots for children. They are not necessary & you know this.
There is no data that says children are at risk of dying of covid. Vaccines are available to all those at risk. Therefore people at risk should receive the vaccine. There should be no mandate for children. Should a parent elect to have their kid vaccinated, great it is available. Mandates for experimental vaccines (potential negative long term effects) are unconstitutional. Please don’t mandate. 
I am opposed to any COVID vaccine mandate for children. Ample evidence shows children are at far greater risk from vaccine side-effects than they are from the disease. 
This is an outrage that anyone is forced to have this experimental shot, but using our children for experiments and suppression is outrageous!
I am opposed to mandatory vaccinations of any kind for any age group. The Choice to vaccinate or not should be made between an individual and their doctor, and not mandated by any state or government agency ever. And when it comes to our children, it is the responsibility of the parent to make a decision with their child’s doctor. 
5-11 year olds should not be required to get Covid 19 vaccine. Only immune compromised should consider it and it should be their parents choice. No mandate.
I do not agree to allowing these experimental drugs. The data does not support Covid vaccines these to be safe and effective. feel it is completely unnecessary to inject children with something that isn't time tested, and proven to be effective, the side effects from these injections are devastating.
Concerned about long term affects on our children's health and well-being. This vaccine does not have enough research to give to small children. 
Please vote no on approval of the Covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds. 
There is no scientific basis to support children needing an unproven preventative medical intervention, no longer term studies to show what negative outcomes may occur and plenty of evidence that the new mRNA technology is not safe for the many people dying on reported to VAERS and other safety signaling symptoms.
Children do not need the Covid vaccine! They have such a small chance of getting Covid and even a smaller chance death! The side effects of the vaccine are far worse.
Children are not at risk for covid-19. Please follow the real science. Do not push this fast tracked vaccine on the children.
The above mentioned shots have killed countless people. They are not safe or effective. They deposit harmful substances in the human body. CDC and WHO are not being open and honest with the people. Stop this evil now!
This experimental vaccine is neither safe nor effective. If you have any humanity left, do NOT make this available to the innocent children who will suffer needlessly. You know the truth, you know how to lie with statistics, we know the truth too. We will fight until the end of time. You’ve awoken mother’s and we will protect our children.
Stop killing our people with your satanic vaccines!!
This should be an option just like every other vaccination iys our civil right!
I am totally opposed to giving untested experimental Covid vaccines to children. Their efficacy is questionable. Very few children are at severe risk to covid. Many side effects are being reported,
Don't require or allow children 5-11 to be vaccinated against Covid. The risk of Covid is too low to justify the unknown long term effects of the vaccine
I am very concerned regarding the approval of Covid vaccinations for children under twelve. There have been numerous cases of adverse effects on young adults and teenagers following these vaccinations. Why is big Pharma so anxious to supply these vaccines to children? When numerous adverse effects among children occur, who will be held responsible for administering this bio weapon?
Absolutely opposed to vaccine mandates, especially in young children. We already know there have been side affects to the heart of adolescents. We have blood clot issues in our family and one of my children has already had a Pulmonary embolism. If she had been mandated to get the vaccine it could have likely killed her. No mandates for anyone, especially children!!!
I am writing to let you know that I am against covid vaccination mandates for any age in our population. But I am especially concerned and against forcing children and teens with this experimental vac.
Government has no rightIn ursurping power from parents for their children.No mandatory vaccines for children.
This vaccine does not have enough data to back it up for long term outcome. These innocent children are being told to take the jab, this should be the god given right as a parent to make this decision for our children, not the FDA or GOVERNMENT. You have a right to take the flu shot you should have a right to take the Covid vaccine.
No vaccine mandates for youngChildren with intact immunity !!
Absolutely no medical reason for this. Data from Israel and Scotland are proving that there is little efficacy. Adults using young people as human shields is the height of revulsion. 
Please do not mandate that this age group must get vaccinated unless they request it. The risk of the vaccine is greater to them than the risk of Covid.
No mandated vaccines for children! This should be our individual choice as parents! Our health is our decisions, not the governments. 
There have been complications associated with these measures and the fact that the related companies cannot be held liable is a deep and troubling concern. As children have relatively low risk when it comes to this illness, why not allow them to develop a strong and healthy immunity?
Absolutely not necessary for kids. Do not know long term side effects 
Leave the children along. They are not a threat. This is not studied long term and will do more damage than good. Please stop this insanity. 
 I am strongly opposed to Covid-19 vaccination approval for 5-11 year olds.
Until these vaccines have science backed studies proving the safety there is no way ANYONE should be taking them!!
There is no need to experiment on young children with a mandated shot, as they are not at risk to die of this virus. This is not a precedence we are going to allow. Do not use our children as guinea pigs. If parents want to give it to their children, they can have that choice. No mandate is necessary nor should ever be considered. 
I do not support any mandatory covid vaccine especially for children. The vaccines have proven to be very ineffective and I don't believe they arenecessary at all for that age group.
To approve and/or mandate the Covid-19 vaccine for children, to whom coronavirus poses virtually no threat to,is nothing short of criminal. The risk of myocarditis, blood clots, DEATH, from the vaccine outweighs any minuscule risk posed to them from covid. This is not something that we should experiment on children with. I implore you, DO NOT do this. 
Please do not authorize vaccinations for the 5 to 11 year old children. You weren’t will to do it for the adults but please, study this much longer for the kids.
DO NOT VACCINATE CHILDREN! I say again, do not vaccinate children. For the details, see here: https://wmbriggs.com/post/37874/
Science doesnt back this and it IS an EXPERIMENTAL new technology...I am opposed.
I don’t agree the our children should be getting experimental Covid shots.There have not been proper studies and they are not fully approved. I have seen from many credible doctors showing the dangers and what they have done to many children and adults. This must be stopped!!!
Children should not be required to receive the SARS-Cov-2 vaccine. Children are the least likely to be hospitalized or death. Encourage healthy eating and living. Vaccines are not the answer. Good health is.
There is no proof that Covid 19 affects children. Until proof can be brought in front of the judge then they shouldn't give these children vaccines. They get enough unhealthy vaccines already!!!!!!
Vaccines are just not needed for young children. Enough is enough. 
No mandate (which is not a law) should be made or actionable towards children and or adults. Especially with what TRUTH is coming out about the vaccines now currently and past vaccines - you people should be ashamed of yourselves. 
You are part of Genocide.No more mandates no vaccines to children.This is a violation of human rights.We the people are against this vaccines special on Children. For God sake stop save is from this evil. 
People that age group should have an option by their guardians
We should never be forcing a new vaccine on a group of children with the highest survival rate for covid19. This has to stop. Please!
Keep your nasty hands away from our children! Why are you closing a bling eye on side effects, which kills more kids than Covid itself! Don’t you dare! You’re making people very mad, and the explosion will not end well! Hands away from kids! 
I don’t agree with mandatory children vaccination for Covid. I think parents should be to choose what is in the best interest of their own children. 
Vaccines for children ages 5-12 doesn’t need to be mandated. Just make it available for these ages and allow parents to decide with their doctors based each child’s medical condition/history. 
Leave our children alone. They are NOT affected by covid 19. Keep your Hands to yourself. We make the decisions for our kids!!
Our immune systems end pandemics, nothing else does! Let's stop going after our children, enough is enough!
I think the elite are trying to do something to the next generation. DNA is I think being altered so that there will be miscarriages, still born, sterilisation May also be common.. woman will have trouble getting pregnant in the first place. New world order. We need to stop the insanity and protect our children from the vaccine.
Children should not be given a vaccine for a virus that is not that particularly dangerous for them. This is ridiculous. 
When the actual risks of mortality by Covid is less than 1% for adults and even less for children, the mass administering of a vaccine and with unknown long term effects seems unthinkable. Why then, is this even a consideration. Recovering from Covid means we starts looking at the real numbers instead of this mass campaign of fear by conflation of risk of death by covid and ignoring the facts.
It is against the constitution to mandate vaccines for anyone especially children. 
Please do not let this come to pass. Too much is being done to kids these days. This shot has not been proven to help stop or slow the spread or even lessen symptoms. Natural immunity is best at this age. This does not need to be made available to this age group nor should it be mandated for this age group.
This vaccine is unsafe for our children and it should in no way be approve for EUA. Our children are healthy and have had little life threathening issues when it comes to covid. This drug HAS NOT been thoroughly tested and adults are dying at alarming rates. Please do not give this vaccine to our kids.
I do not feel comfortable with a mass vaccination of our children 
Please do not mandate vaccines for anyone, especially children.. They have their whole lives ahead of them and we have no idea how truly harmful these vaccines are and the affects they will have on them the rest of their life.. people are already having terrible side affects. Kids have an incredible survival rate.
Do NOT mandate this covid shot to children!!!!! Bad enough govt are mandating it to adults
The risk of Covid is extremely low and the risks of the vaccine pose a higher threat. This should NOT be given to children who have a super small risk of severe reaction to Covid. It makes no sense.
The children need to be left alone. There seems to be little interest in the fact that so many between 12-20 something have experienced adverse reactions and permanent damage. This mRna shot is not something we should continue experimenting on the public. Especially not young children's still developing bodies. 
Please do not mandate these vaccines for young kids. Countless studies show that there is no reason to. According to the CDC, the recovery rate up to age 70 is 99%. It is criminal to vaccinate young children when the long term side effects have not been sufficiently studied. 
Injecting children with covid shots is child abuse
Do not make our young people take the experimental drugs. There is NO benefit to them
The science has been bought and paid for by people with ulterior motives. You should not ever inject the children with this filth. I’m against the liars. This is not a vaccine. It causes more injury and prevents nothing. The CDC own website lists nearly 5000 deaths from this jab. And there is much evidence of nanobots or whatever is shown to be in there moving around. 
Please do no approve mandatory vaccines for children. This should be a parents choice. 
I oppose mandated vaccines for anyone especially our. Children 
Stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine (COVID-19). The long term effects of these shots is completely unknown. Numerous people have died and hundreds of thousands have suffered adverse reactions to these shots. The number of children who have died from COVID-19 is practically zero. Giving children a shot for this is completely unnecessary.
I strongly oppose any mandates regarding vaccines or injections for children or adults. The Constitution protects every humans right to body autonomy. 
In view of the data so far collected that indicates children 0-18 are less affected and less likely to suffer long term harm from Covid-19, that the standard flu, I am opposed to a recommendation to vaccinate people in this age group. In view of the growing reports of adverse side effects I am more opposed to vaccinating this age group.
No vax mandates for the youth! It’s more harmful to them than helpful! Let them build natural immunity to something they have close to no chance of getting sick from. This madness must stop!
Stop this tyrannical bullshit. Parents can make their & their children's health decisions.
Knowing the survival rate for individuals in this category, there is absolutely NO reason to mandate this procedure. It is unconstitutional and goes against my American rights to refuse. 
Do mot approve this children have a 99.9 percent survival rate of covid...there needs to be more research on this vaccine. Let their nature immune system do what it was created to do. We do not want to experiment with our children and grandchildren. 
These Covid vaccines have not been proven to prevent transmission or spread of the virus. It has also not kept people from dying. These vaccines have done more harm then good to adults, don't touch the kids!!!
Children are at little risk from Covid19. To mandate a vaccine that you have no idea of long term effects and short term has done harm to young people is unconscionable.
My children will not get this vaccines.We can donate our vaccine for the Biden’s friends and grandchildren.We says NO
I demand you stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine. God is watching you, He knows what you are up to. You will be held accountable by Him. 
I WOULD LIKE TO EXPRESS THAT I AM NOT IN APPROVAL TO INFORCE APPROVED OR NON APPROVED VACCINATIONS FOR COVID TYPE ILLNESSES TO CHILDREN.
Children should not need to be vaccinated. Vaccine should be taken voluntarily by a person and not by mandate order…Children do not have to be vaccinated…
I am in FULL SUPPORT of mandating vaccines for kids age 5-12!!
Please stop! Do not vaccinate children for Covid-19. Please wait. More time is needed to make sure it is safe. We as adults are already harming children by forcing them to wear masks at school. I beg you to stop stealing their childhood from them.
Do no harm! To give children an experimental therapy- who have a nearly 100% survival rate from this virus is extremely foolish. The long-term studies have not finished and when they are properly conducted takes years. I understand many are afraid of this virus but to inject children to ease the fears of some is not logical and should not be acceptable. We need to use common sense. 
Hello...There should be no emergency use or emergency authorization for any covid19 vaccine for children of any age, since we do not have an emergency that we are addressing. Children are not impacted by covid19 the adults are. We need to slow this down and take the proper time to evaluate these drugs and how the body responds. Thank youPeace -chris
DO NOT MANDATE THIS POISON ON OUR CHILDREN, IT IS NOT RIGHT! THIS POISON SHOULDNT EVEN BE A MANDATE, IT SHOULD BE OUR CHOICE IF WE WANT IT OR NOT, JUST LIKE ANY OTHER POISON OUT THERE!!! DO NOT TAKE AWAY OUR RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS TO CHOOSE!!
Children don’t need the vaccine. Even at its height, COVID-19 did not kill them.
DO NOT give children the jab. Their immune systems are strong and the percentage of recovery if they were to get covid is VERY VERY high!!
Please do not highly recommend and bring mandate to vaccinate the children. They are more likely to survive Covid than the older generations!! They do not need this experimental vaccine in them. 
Please say no to using the experimental jab on our children. Children have strong immune systems, COVID-19 is not a death sentence for our children. Whereas the vaccine has caused more deaths than the lives it’s saved (5 deaths per 1 life saved).End this medical tyranny and say no to approving these jabs for our kids!
This is not needed or acceptable for children 5 to 11, there are hundreds of adverse reactions yet you choose to ignore every single one. No one should be dying due to a vaccine not ever. Shame on you Shame on you it will reverse and come back to you. 
I am extremely concerned about approval of the covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of adverse events that have occurred in teens.....Myocarditis. The current available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does not support administering rushed and experimental vaccines to children.
Children are at extremely low risk from COVID 19. However, the vaccines do not have a long term safety record. There have been significant cases of myocarditis in young males. There is hope that our children will live for many many years. If we are going to give them a shot, we need to be very careful that it will do no harm, especially since there is little to no risk of COVID to the children.
please oppose mandatory vaccines for children. I feel we just don't know enough about the vaccine to give it to children.
Please do not force this rushed not fully veted vaccine on these children!
This is so stupid that the FDA is giving approval while other life saving drugs take years and years to get to market. Is it because Faucci and his wife have so many stocks in Pfizer and Maderna and really do not care out side effects for children? 
Children have virtually no risk from COVID-19 infections, yet they are being threatened with a mandated medication that has been documented to cause needless harm to them. These shots do not prevent infection or its spread in anyone, and with over 798,634 reports of adverse events through October 8, 2021, 16,766 of them deaths, these shots should not be given to ANYONE.
When there are zero covid cases in this age group, there shouldn't be a mandate to vaccinate. When there are significant cases of vaccine injury, there shouldn't be a mandate. When a study hasn't been completed, there shouldn't be a mandate, especially for those that cannot make decisions for themselves. Children shouldn't be used in experiments.
Please do not allow continued vaccinations of our children! They are not at risk, and adverse events are increasingly being reported. You will leave us no choice but to take our children out of school.
Do NOT make these vaccines for children. It is TOTALLY unnecessary and DANGEROUS!! STOP now!! Enough is ENOUGH!!
Please do no approve the COVID-19 shot for children 5 to 12. Their risk for contracting the virus or spreading it to someone else is nearly nonexistent. I don’t want these children to take a shot that is experimental and has never been tested on humans thank you.
This is wrong. It is unconstitutional to try to force people to vaccinate their children. If you go though with this then you are part of the proplem.
Your mandates are unconstitutional and will face civil disobedience. Don’t bother telling the peasant population what is best
Please do not do this. There is no rush as vaccinated individuals transmit the virus similarly to unvaccinated individuals. As children have little risk of suffering severe consequences should they contract CoVID, the risks of the vaccines outweigh the benefits.
I am against giving Covid vaccine to kids especially the younger ones. I have so many reasons why that I will not get into. At the end NOT ENOUGH tests have been done and not enough time has past. 
All vaccines should be a matter of personal choice. Mandates take away informed consent. It is often dangerous to force medical treatment. 
No mandatory vaccines for our children! They are dangerous and useless, natural immunity is best
You and your scientists know full well that this vaccine is much more dangerous to children than covid itself. If you would like to to keep any of the authority, integrity or credibility you have remaining, you will not approve this vaccine for use in children.
Do not mandate the vaccine for children 5-12. Not until this has been around for years and we know the long term side effects. These are our children, our future and it should be the choice of children’s legal guardian to decide. 
An experimental vaccine should not be used on children. This should not be considered until 2024 when the FDA approved version is available and we have had years of data on how the vaccine affects adults. Also, this committee should follow the Hippocratic Oath and the Nuremberg Code of 1947 and make a very strong statement against vaccine mandates.
They do not work and kids are not in danger of Covid. Stop all of the nonsense and let the people decide what is best. No more mandates!
This absolutely should not be approved for children. They are no risk of getting, spreading and will survive. There has not been enough testing done to know the long term affects.
DO NOTApprove the vaccine use forSchool Aged children. This age group is notVery susceptible toSerious illness from Covid-19 and do notNeed this vaccine. Also we do not yet know the long term effects from this vaccine and it would be unwise and unnecessary to inject our children with this vaccine.
An experimental vaccine should not be given or mandated to young children. Every young child that I personally know, who had Covid, had a very quick recovery. My nephew's biggest complaint was lost of taste and smell, and how bored he was in quarantine. 
is not your lab rat. If you even attempt to come after my kids that’s the last straw. Unless you want a civil war, which you probably do since your bloody communists, stay the f*ck away from our children! Sincerely, every constitutional patriot in the USA.
Please do not approve this shot for our young children. COVID is not a serious illness for them, and we don't know the long term implications. We also know that children are experiencing adverse reactions to their heart. Please reconsider! 
I am hard against vaccinating children. Please do not allow mandates or laws from any government agencies to require any vaccine for anyone, especially children!
This vaccine is not proven safe. I believe the Novavax will be a better option.Linda Kohrs RN
Please allow parents to choose for our children whether they receive this vaccine rather than making it mandatory.
Children have a zero percent chance of dying from COVID if they even get it. They should not have graphine oxide, fetal cells or polypodium hydriform parasites injected into their bodies. Do the right thing for once and keep this out of childrens bodies!
I want to see peer reviewed studies with longitudinal data that state the vaccine does not cause infertility issues in male and female children. 
Do not endanger the lives of our children. Sufficient time has not been given to study and analyze the effects of mRNA vaccines on ANY humans much less our children. Children have recovered and strengthened their immune systems innately and do NOT need to be vaccinated against a virus that is 99.? (debatable) survivable. 
Don’t make this mandatory it has a 99% survival and rarely effects kids 
We do not support the authorization, approval, or requirement of vaccines or injections in children, when the death rate for children from COVID is 0.0007%. This is an unnecessary intervention or treatment. 
To whom it concerns, I am disgusted that expansion of EUA is under serious consideration for expansion to young children. EUA is meant for EMERGENCIES! There is no science supporting this experiment on 5-12 year olds are facing an emergency with COVID19! Prove that the shot is beneficial and poses no risk! NONE of these things can be proven.
Please do not mandate the COVID vaccine for children under 12. Their level of risk for death from this is almost zero- less than the standard flu- and that vaccine is not mandated. Allow parents to keep the freedom we are constitutionally allowed and determine health care for ourselves and our children!
This is not warranted. The percentage of children who have been ill or died from Covid is so minuscule so does not warrant vaccination and it’s side effects.
It's absolutely not right to put this into our children. Maybe 10 years from now. Not now!
NO to the experimental drug for kids 5-11! Covid affect less than .5% off kids. There is no need, let their immune systems get it! It will be child abuse giving them an experimental drug that goes against every Nuremberg code. 
Please do not approve the COVID-19 inoculations for young children. Young children are not particularly at risk of catching or being harmed by the virus but there is mounting evidence that there is much more risk of serious harm from the inoculation than there is from the illness. There is no sound science that indicates that it would be a good idea to inoculate children.
Vote no for mandating Covid vaccine for children 5-11
Asking the FDA not to approve the covid 19 vaccine for children yet. Further testing is necessary to monitor long term effects if the vaccine on overall health in addition to determining if the vaccine is even helping the pandemic vs. Natural immunity. Children are doing fine without it already.
The risks for vaccinating children outweigh the benefits at this time. VAERS reporting an alarming amount of vaccine side effects and injuries in ages 12 and up. We protect our children first and foremost. It is too early into clinical trials to approve this for widespread use in youth. 
I am against vaccination from the covid 19 for kids, teens, young adults, man and women who does not have kids yet. This type of vaccine did not tested for 10-15 years. They can be harmful for humanity. Government can't mandate do it. Especially, can't fire people who refuse to do this .experiment. STOP FORCE VACCINATION . STOP EXPERIMENTS ON PEOPLE. DO NOT TOUCH KIDS! 
Submitting our children to covid 19 vaccines is horrid and should ABSOLUTELY be avoided.Who in their right mind would push this?
Please don’t mandate these vaccines for children! I would not want to use any child as a shield for me or any other adult. Please please please din do this to our children!
I strongly oppose the COVID-19 vaccine for children due to the incidence and risk of myocarditis and pericarditis. Further long term study should be done before any approval
Please do not approve the covid vaccine for young children. In light of the many they receive at that age for an illness that doesn't have serious impact would be a travesty. DO NOT APPROVE.
Do not mandate this for children, do not mandate this for anyone!
STOP trying to push your unproven jab to our children. This is not a vaccine, it does not stop this virus that was produced to do harm. This is unproven and dangerous to all , especially children. Please DO NOT continue taking away our rights as parents.
VOTE NO TO MANDATE OR ALLOW COVID SHOTS FOR CHILDREN AGE 5-11YO. These shots are still EXPERIMENTAL and also NOT FDA approved- we have NO LONG TERM STUDIES on the effects of these shots, either. THE RISKS GREATLY OUTWEIGHT ANY SUPPOSED BENEFITS.
Why would you even consider giving this to a kid. Dumbest piece of public health policy ever... even going back to bleeding. I'm not sure the Gov understands they are creating more people that aren't getting vaxxed in the future. My entire family gets vaxxed every year... we have had all our shots. This is the first year in not forcing my kids to get a flu shot. 
As a parent, I should have the ultimate say in decisions regarding my children's health; not the government. They are not high risk for complications related to Covid and I do not wish to have them vaccinated-- it should absolutely not be mandated. What has happened to freedom in this country?
I am very much against vaccinating this gene therapy in children until more long term affects can be researched. Thank you kindly,
No experimental Covid gene therapy for 5 - 11 years old children!How many more people will have to die of the clot shots, until this criminal madness will finally end?Please let our children live! No more clot shots!
With all of the information and data out there that kids ages 5-11 have a 0.01 chance of dying from Covid I hope you take in consideration everyone’s concerns and feelings towards not approving a vaccine for our children. Especially when it is unknown what the long term effects may be! I 100% do not support this and hope you will vote no!
Children DO NOT NEED this vaccine when their survival rate for Covid is over 98 percent and there are no long term safety data on this vaccine for children and adults. We are seeing heart problems in young children who have received this vaccine. Leave the children alone!
I think more long term research needs to be done on this vaccine before it is deemed safe and effective for children ages 5-11. 
This is an experimental agent that clearly is not helping decrease the cases of Covid.I personally know more people that have suffered serious illnesses AFTER taking the experimental agent. Our children are not lab rats. Absolutely do not allow this to be “approved “ for children.
Why would you put an injection in a child why would you inject a foreign substance into a child for something that they are basically immune to.? We call this overreach and dangerous. All for the money hungry pharma companies. Please protect our children by banning these injections. Do your job!
The health of students should be at the forefront of this pandemic. Injecting young children with a vaccine that hasn’t gone through the rigorous testing process is unconscionable. I want my children to be apart of the public education system, but promise to go somewhere else if this goes through with many in my family. 
I am 100% AGAINST "covid vaccines" for Children, or anyone for that matter. These so-called "vaccines" are killing hundreds of thousands and harming/disabling millions more. STOP these "covid " injections for everyone ESPECIALLY children!
Please please do not do this! Do not approve this vaccine! Please do not push for this!!!! There is too much risk, not enough controlled studies, and no good hard evidence. As a nurse and a mother, do not approve this covid vaccine for children! 
I oppose giving schools the right to mandate the Covid vaccine. Until we are able to see long term impacts of this vaccine- I believe it is the parents right to choose and the child should still have the right to public education
As a parent and former teacher I find it alarming that people are considering vaccinating young child against the coronavirus. I strongly encourage the FDA to not vaccinate children against the coronavirus. Please stand up and protect our children from unnecessary vaccinations that have the potential to harm our children.
Stop mandating, you already kill them in the womb. They can be exempt as you exempt them from childhood vaccinations. STOP, JUST STOP.
Please consider the fact that these vaccines have not been studied long term and we don't know the affects of these vaccines on growing children. Transmittal rate among youth is rare and children rarely have symptoms. These vaccine decisions should also be made between parents and doctors.
No mandate or approval for children to receive any Covid vaccine. 
I am strongly opposed to EUA of the Covid-19 vaccine for children ages 5-11. Data shows that young children are largely unaffected by Covid. It doesn’t make sense to subject them to the risks - both known and unknown - of the vaccine for such little benefit.
Please vote NO in recommending or mandatory vaccines for Covid 19 for children. There are more risks taking the vaccine than natural immunity. Please keep our children safe
Please do not approve or make mandatory the Covid vaccines for children 5-11. There are numerous doctors and scientists who have researched these vaccines and they are not safe. There is a lot of supporting data just not on main stream media. Children are not at high risk from Covid 19! There is higher risk of adverse reaction to vaccine. 
Do not make this Covid shot mandatory for children. Do not make this shot mandatory for any one. 
A parent and their personal care physician shoulfñd decide on what is best for our children. Especially on a virus with low infection rates and high recovery in children! 
There should absolutely be NO vaccine mandate for anyone. Especially children. This virus has a 99% survival rate and mandating this would be a violation of human rights. 
Our children are not tests group for your ambition, goals! Stop the vaccination!!!
The parents are the sole adults to decide if their children receive the vaccine. Choice! It’s their freedom to take the responsibility for the kids. Know your boundaries!!! We know ours! 
Previously I had made a comment on the vaccine mandate for 5-11 yr olds. I would like to change one of my statements about the young person I knew that had the vaccination and bled for almost three months. It was not that she bled but that she did not have a menstrual cycle for almost three months and the same for her friends.
 I strongly believe that we do not need to be vaccinated. I am against mandatory COVID vaccine because the Risk of the vaccine is much higher than the risk from the Corvette virus itself.
The FDA is evil. Our children are not lab rats. NO to mandatory COVID vax. 
I do not consent you poisoning our children why would you inject a perfect health child with this? do not let the government still our children’s health, it sup to you the FDA to protect us and our rights. There is no place for Tyranny! 
DO NOT give this to children when there is NO long term data on the effects of this therapy (Mind you, this did not fit the definition of a vaccine until it was recently modified). Kids are NOT dying from COVID but they are getting side effects from the shot. You KNOW its true so show the data.
Please, I beg you, do not recommend the vaccine for kids of any age. The data does not support it. Children continue to avoid the infection. You said so in the beginning. Why are you changing now? Stop the shots. Stop making decisions only parents should make.
Where are the peer reviewed studies for this vaccine and where can I see the full ingredient list?If these don’t exist then Stay Away From Our Children!
Please do not make our students/ children take the COVID-19 vaccine! PLEASE. 
No to vax 5-12 yrs old it is dangerous for their body! You have no idea how it affects to adult first few years from now! 
Should this vaccine be approved for children, when those children start dying as a result do you really believe you'll get away with it? Do you really believe you're going to get away with the murders already connected to this vaccine? I'm not sure what the long game is here but I don't think it ends the way you folks at the FDA seem to believe it will. May God have mercy on your souls. 
5-12 year olds? This is beyond ridiculous. There is absolutely no reason for this, and you will be doing more harm than good. Shame on you
I am firmly against the e Covid-19 vaccine given to children age 5-11 years old. 
Parents should always have full authority whether their children will be given novel vaccines from now and through the rest of time. It is their full right to so.
I object to the FDA approving any type of Sars Cov-2 vaccine for children aged 5-11 yrs old. Parents and concerned citizens all over California are taking action against the forced COVID-19 vaccine mandate for our children in state schools. We demand parental choice over the bodily autonomy of our children.
Please do not approve an EUC for COVID vaccine use in children ages 5-11. Their bodies do not need another vaccine. There is not enough research that proves this vaccine is safe for their developing bodies.
Children do not die from Covid. Children die from myocarditis. You are committing crimes against humanity. Nuremberg 2.0 is coming. 
I oppose the mandate on vaccines for children ages 5-12. I have a daughter who is 10 and cannot imagine what effects the vaccine could have on her health not just now but in the future. There are too many unanswered questions and unknown effects to rush into somehting that has a very low positivity rate for children.
Please do not require Covid vaccinations for children. In fact, this should not even need to be a conversation. They are not at risk. Please do not sentence them to a possible lifetime of health problems from receiving this shot. There has not been enough research.This is absolutely child abuse.
I strongly oppose mandates of any type for vaccines, this is against all human rights.
Children do not need and must not be mandated to take the covid vaccine. Long term effects of this experimental drug is unknown and when something is unknown then it must be a choice and not a mandate. 
Do not approve COVID-19 vaccine for children as there have been too many disastrous results.
Please do NOT approve the covid vaccine for children under 12. They have zero risk from covid and this vaccine has not been out long enough to know it’s long term side effects. It already has more adverse reactions than all other vaccines combined! Please what is right by our children!
Leave or children alone they don’t need the FDA to tell them they have to get an injection that doesn’t protect them or anyone else from Covid. Try to force that and you will see parents everywhere blow their lids. 
These shots are neither safe nor effective! I personally know people who have been very harmed by them. This is so wrong to force them on anyone!! China bio warfare! Very upset with what is happening. God will judge those who know and do nothing.
Healthy children are not at risk of COVID. There is no public health reason to approve a fast-tracked vaccine with no long term safety studies for children when they are not at risk. 
I don't support genocide with your fake vaccines... 
Do not recommend or approve mandated COVID vaccines for our children. They are not at risk for this disease and the experimental nature of this drug therapy poses serious short and longterm threats to them. You are violating the Nuremborg Code if you force this upon children. Needless to say Crimes against Humanity bring heavy consequences. 
Unbelievable that we are being forced to call out Nuremberg codes to all of you. Leave our children alone! Stop this poison jab madness. Every one of you - including those reading this - are complicit in the deaths and injuries across the globe. You will be held accountable. Quit. Call project Veritas and be a whistleblower. Or go to prison for crimes against humanity. 
With all the complications this vaccine has had the mere fact that you would even consider giving it to children is gross. No vaccines children 5-11. Stop the nonesence. 
We should not mandate vaccines. This should be a choice. We live in America! We are known for our freedom. By mandating vaccines to little innocent children you are taking the basis of what our country was built on. Please think about this. 
We do not consent vaccine for kids 5-12.Oyrs kids do not will be take the COVID vaccine . 
These vaccines have not be tested long-term and to subject children to them is paramount to making those children lab rats. This is not OK and there will be strong political repercussions if it is carried out.
Do not approve the Covid vaccine for our children. The current fatality rate for children is 0.0007% and does not justify vaccinating them. This is a disease that children survive. There is no benefit. I implore you to do the right thing and PROTECT our children by denying approval of this vaccine. 
The FDA needs to do a better job of banning knownful toxic chemicals. Comparing to Europe we are why behind. Step it up and have higher ethics to what FDA approves because history has shown, and currently proven, their they has/is far to many toxic ingredients allowed in vaccines, food, drugs, and beauty products then there should be. 
There should not now or ever be a mandate for children or anyone to get this vaccine we know nothing about!! 
My niece lost her child in the womb after she had the vaccine. I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of adverse events that have occurred in pregnant women, and in teens so far, and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies.
this is not a good idea. it’s dumb and unconstitutional and you know it.
COVID 19 vaccines must not be mandated on children or adults. 
Mandates are Illegal ... period. Your discussion does not make it legal. Stop with this absurdity.
absolutely not will anyone force me to put something in innocent healthy children that we aren’t even sure what long term side effects will be. we will all stand strong against this. 
Please don’t approve/force this for our children. We as the parents deserve some input. We decide what is best for our children!!! 
Because the data clearly shows children are not at risk of severe illness, hospitalization and death due to the covid virus, there is no logical reason to subject them to experimental injections that themselves have no long term studies. Kids. They are our future. Please let them live their lives without being subjected to medical experiments.
Children should not be subjected to an experimental vaccine especially when they are not in danger of death or extreme harm from Covid. Not enough is known about the long term effects of these injections!
I urge you to reconsider authorizing Pfizer's emergency use for Covid vaccines for children at this time. Since severe illness and death from COVID are rare among children, these vaccines should not be given to children ages 5-11 until long term data is available. Finish the clinical trials before allowing children to receive this vaccine!
It is globally illegal to administer anything experimental to children - The Nuremberg Code (1947). The FDA approval for any CoViD vaccine is an emergency approval, i.e., experimental. Adults are volunteers. Since 1947, many corporations, including Johnson & Johnson, have been found guilty of crimes similar to the crimes committed by the Nazis.
This makes no sense at all to vaccinate children who have 99.97% survival rate. Natural immunity is way better. I know way more people with vaccine adverse events than I know that ever had covid. Please don't hurt our children 
I’m strongly urging you to vote “NO” on Pfizer’s EAU application for children ages 5 - 11. Pfizer has NOT demonstrated any health benefits for children and the potential harms are enormous and will have dire future consequences for humanity. Thank-you for honoring YOUR Hippocratic Oath and the Nuremberg Code by voting “NO”.
I will not vaccinate any of my kids with the COVID shot. 
.017% death rate among children. Natural immunity wins. Stop shoving mandates down our throats. Our children deserve better. 
Risk verses benefit. Risk of adverse effects from the COVID vaccine is much higher than the potential benefit especially for children and young adults. It would be criminal to approve this vaccine for ages 5-11. Look at the data and stop ignoring adverse effects. 
Please do not harm our children, our future! Vote NO!!
I want the option of choosing what happens medically to my children. I do not want them to receive the Covid Vaccine. Please, I need more studies before I give something to my children that is permanent. Once given, I can't go back. We have antibodies. Let that be our protection. We are responsible and take accountability for ourselves. 
This injection is not safe for any child or any adult or any age. Why even risk their lives for a “virus” that is 99% survivo. This is horrifying that this is even put there. i would never take this poison. This needs to be stopped!!!!!
Absolutely insane to roll these out for children. You know this does not effect children. This is still considered experimental and now you're going to make children lab rats. Stop the destruction now! 
There are many things we can do to improve vaccine uptake and ease vaccine hesitancy, and I am a firm supporter of encouraging and persuading adults to get vaccinated, but forcing kids to get the two-dose vaccine regimen – and taking away school if they don't comply – is bad policy. 
Mandating or recommending a "vaccination" that does not prevent the disease, transmission, nor has completed any long term studies for kids who are not at risk is illogical and disgustingly immoral. FDA should return to their high standards, our kids are not lab rats.
I urge you with every fiber of my being NOT to pass for children 5 to 11 to get the covid19 injection. Their immune systems can do the job. PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS!!!!!!! 
Please put some serious thought into these vaccines on children. This age group is at such a low risk and the vaccines have not been tested for long term effects. You may be sentencing these children to a life of illness and health problems. There are far too many adults having adverse effects. Let your conscience be your guide and consider if this was your child.
Children are the least likely to contract or carry COVID so it makes absolutely no sense to vaccinate them. Beyond that it's criminal as the benefits do not outweigh the many serious risks. You will be held personally responsible for the destruction of these many innocent precious children. Stop the madness to show you are on the right side of saving not destroying them!
No! Our children should NOT be mandated to have any COVID-19 shot! There has not been enough transparency or truth about side effects nor has there been enough time to collect such information! 
 I believe, at this time, the risk to children receiving the Covid 19 vaccine outweighs any benefit. The current,available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOTsupport administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines for small children. 
Approving covid shots for children as young as 5 may be a good thing. However, you'd better be sure to not make this some kind of mandatory thing until it's been tested for 5-10 years. If kids get hurt...parents will loose their minds and I dread the possibilities of that.
It is NOT okay to stand with big pharma to the detriment of our children's health. Those that do will be responsible for the child deaths and illnesses that are caused by the vax. There is no reason to vaccinate against a disease proven to not affect children other than in very rare cases.
If you mandate vaccines on kids, I will stop supporting local schools and I will pull my kids out of the school system!! Stop MANDATING and start RESPECTING PERSONAL RIGHTS AND AMERICAN FREEDOM!!!
100% NOT SAFE now for the adults, so it's definitely NOT SAFE for our children. My body, my choice. We have a Constitution for our Country to PROTECT us and oir children. SAY NO TO MANDATE! 
Here’s an idea ~ let’s wait 5 years for longitudinal studies on the vaccines before we start shooting children with it. You know, just to be safe. Given that SCIENCE tells us that kids don’t spread C19 and don’t get especially sick from it, I’m thinking that FORCING the vax on children is absolutely positively wrong.
This is crazy. The vaccine has more deaths and issues than the virus. It is being mis treated and the wrong grubs are being used. Use preventative treatments like vitamin c and d and zinc. Let people get it but treat right away. Not once they are in bad condition. All this has been crazy. 
Please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. It is too early to be able to unequivocally say that the benefits outweigh the risks to their growing and developing bodies. Thank you!”
Please do not authorize the Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine for children ages 5 - 11. We must have long term trials before any vaccine is given to our children. There have already been so many deaths and injuries. Why would you subject our children to this? Children are not at a high risk to covid, but to the vaccine they are.
I do not agree that the government should mandate vaccines for anyone, especially children. This is a huge overreach and it should be a decision made by parents or guardians ONLY. Please astop this madness!!
Please do not mandate this experimental vaccine on the youth! Until more data has been collected over time and this vaccine is proven safe, please do not make it mandatory. This would be a betrayal of the citizens of this country.
This vacation for does not need to be for children. Their God given immune system works fine. If you want to focuse on the kids give them no masks in school and stop the fear campaign. 
Please do not encourage children to take the COVID vaccine.
Childrens lives should be in the hands of their parents. Period.
I do NOT approve of a covid vaccine for kids ages 5-11. This vaccine still needs more testing/studies before it should be used on children. 
This is America!!! In the United States we have freedom of choice without mandates. This should be an educated decision by the parent/guardian not the government mandating the choice!!! 
As a Grandfather and Great Grandfather my research indicates a minimal threat to children from Covid. Possibly the vaccine may be more of a health threat than the virus. Not necessary to vacinate kids.
If you approve this for children, you are proving you are bought and paid for. This is a population control agenda as well as a design to keep us sick and dependent on more drugs big pharma profits on indefinitely. Our kids do not need this and we don’t need this. Stop the lies now. 
My children fall into this category of 5-11 year olds. They have received every vaccine to date recommended by the FDA. Regardless of the decision made by the FDA concerning vaccinating children in this age group for Covid, my children will not be getting it.
Please vote no on this vaccine. It is still and trial and the children are not the ones getting extremely sick. Let natural immunity work.
Children are under NO risk form covid. They are under a huge risk from the vaccines. Please do not approve this shot for them.
Do NOT approve vaccine(s) for children of any age. The science shows that children have 99.975% chance of recovering just fine from Covid, while also gaining actual life long immunity. The likelihood of having a severe life threatening reaction or death is much higher with an experimental vaccine than getting actual Covid. We have no long term data and our children are NOT your guinea pigs. 
LEAVE THE CHILDREN ALONE! THEY ARE NOT YOUR SCIENCE EXPERIMENTS! STOP FORCING YOUR POISONS ON THEM!!! EVIL SICK PEOPLE!!! 
I am begging you to NOT RECOMMEND THESE DEATH SHOTS FOR OUR CHILDREN IN THE USA. Too many ppl have died and been disabled already…If this is done mark my words ..you will be held accountable and the Nuremberg Code will be used for those who push an experimental medical treatment without consent….
Personal health freedom is very important to me. As a mother of 6, I am adamant that parental choice also be protected. If a vaccine or medication is effective, individuals and parents will naturally want it. Coercion and mandates are unconstitutional and unnecessary. I stand firmly against any decision that violates my right to choose what is injected into my body and the bodies of my children. 
An experimental “vaccine” should not be mandated Thor children until years of studies have been completed to ensure that the long term effects are known and documented. Do NOT mandate Covid “vaccine” for children.
No to forced vaccines, let mom and dad make decisions in regards to their children's health/ life! Back off!
The fact that so few kids actually even get sever symptoms from a positive test there is not really a need to have them receive this shot. I have young teens who both tested possitive for covid-19, one had no symptoms and one had a minor headache for 3 days. Why give the kids something they don’t need. The long term results of the shot are unknown, why risk it.
Don't approve vaccines for these children. We will end up with entire generations of people injured because of it. This disease has a better survival rate than the media and others have lead us to believe. Enough people have already been hurt and permanently injured by these vaccines. 
They want you DIVIDED!They call us names.They make threats.They censor.They lie.They project.They cheat.They steal.They harm.They are sick.They are evil.At some point the streets (for them) will not be safe.Q
I wrote that children 5-11 are not in the high risk category for covid to warrant a vaccine that has not been thoroughly tested and long term outcomes are unknown.
No vaccines for children. They are the LEAST vulnerable in our population. Take your experiments somewhere else, not on our kids.
The fact that we even have to do this is complete and utter insanity. We are told to “Trust the science” yet their is ZERO science or studies on how this vaccine will affect adults let alone CHILDREN both short and long term. I will NEVER inject my children with this bullshit, experimental, POLITICAL, poison. 
I believe every person has the right to care for their own health and the health of their minor children . This is an American right and should remain so as it always has been . This is America .
children have no need for the experimental "vaccine"
The data is clear. Children are much more likely to die from this shot than from covid. It is absurd to even consider this.
This is a horrible thing that the government is planning to do. You know that this vaccine is not necessary for children and your continued push to vaccinate them is extremely wrongheaded. You don't have the data to do this and you know it and the continual gaslighting by governmental agencies is disgusting. Stop it!
It the the role of parents, and not the government/ or FDA, to make decisions about the health care, including vaccinations, for their own children. The government may make options available and give suggestions. But it is the parents right to decide what is best for their own children. 
I strongly object to children receiving the Covid vaccine. I know adults in good health (i.e. no commorbidities) who had reactions so severe that they sought medical attention AND filed with VAERS. Children are not at risk of dying from Covid; the experiment is too new to risk on our little ones. Do NOT promote such an approval.
I strongly disagree with requiring children to be covid vaccinated. Children are not at risk, refer to your own statistics. This vaccine is killing people, refer to VAERs. Over 16000 deaths to date and this is under reported. Protect our children. It is your duty!
Do not allow vivid vaccines for children. They are 100 times more likely to die or be injured from the vaccine than from Covid!
No mandatory vaccines for kids-we don't know enough about it yet. maybe after more research....
I am firmly against the COVID vaccine mandate in children. There is absolutely no long term data on this vaccine to be able to claim safety and efficacy. The risks of this vaccine far outweigh the benefits for children with developing immune systems. 
There are far too many VAERS reports of death and injuries caused by these experimental injections to allow further use by adults, much less children. 
I strongly urge the FDA to deny any request to approve the COVID vaccines for us by children and teens. This age group is at very low risk from this infection. There have been numerous reported cases of adverse affects and deaths from the COVID vaccines in all age groups. 
This supposed vaccine has had a significant amount of adverse side effects on children and does not prevent covid. Parents should have a choice to do this. This is America!
Please don’t vaccinate children. There is less than 1% chance they will get sick with Covid and die.
Vaccines have not been tested long enough on children. If there is a risk, there must be a choice. Statistically, most children aren’t dying of COVID, it manifests as a cold for most kids, so why mandate a vaccine that has much worse possible side effects. It makes NO sense. 
The adult mandates already in place that should be sufficient.
According to the CDC 99.99815% of children survive COVID. Why put our children at risk with this gene modification therapy?
FREEDOM of choice! A virus with a 99.98% survival rate. A vaccine that has not been researched long enough, we still do not know long term side effects, should not be forcibly given to children. It’s a parents choice. Not the government. 
Please do not approve vaccine for 5-11 year olds and please look into why so many people are being injured due to vaccination, including increase in cancer and deaths. 
I stand firmly against any mandatory covid “vaccine”. My body my choice. There is no research to sustain it is safe and effective. Therefore it is unconstitutional to force it upon the AMERICAN people. 
Please oppose the vaccine mandate for all school aged children. 
I DO NOT CONSENT TO MANDATES TO VACCINATE ANYONE LET ALONE CHILDREN WITH AN EXPERIMENTAL VACCINE 
Please do not mandate vaccines for children! They are at less risk from COVID than from the vaccine, which is unproven through long and rigorous trials that ensure long term safety. These vaccines wane over time. Kids have long lives ahead and we are still uncertain what these forced medications do to immunity from variants and other diseases.
Put an end to vaccine mandates that violate free will & the pursuit of happiness of myself & my children. My body my choice!
No to experiments in children when there is very rare risk of serious illness to them.
I am very much against children getting this vaccine. I have seen too many people having adverse effects from it as adults. This is still experimental you have not done all the proper tests on them and we should leave our children alone
Do not inject these kids with this experimental shot. There is not enough info or research. Give parents an option to opt out. 
To Whom it may concern, I'm writing today to ask that you do not approve the vaccines for children. Rushing these experimental drugs into use on our children is short sighted and dangerous. I believe these experimental vaccines do more harm than good for the majority of children who are not at risk. I believe childrens natural immunity should be allowed to work.
Please do not allow vaccines ages 5-12. It is a mild cold for children. Stand up for the people.
I want the freedom to choose giving my child the covid vaccine. Too much too fast.
Vaccine which will provide little benefit to young population should not be mandated in a rush. Still would like to see myocarditis effects in large population before I would be on board.
Our children have suffered enough during what you labeled as the pandemic, which we all know now was not. They should not have to wear the masks or be forced to take ANY medication or injections. They are the least at risk for coronavirus and COVID-19 and more at risk for adverse events from the injections
Our children are our most precious resource and they are in more danger of dying from the covid vaccine than they are from catching covid. To inject our children with experimental substances that are only for emergency use is a crime. They cannot consent and parents should not be forced to make life altering or ending decisions.
You KNOW the vaccine DO work. You KNOW you were lied to about the efficacy of the vaccine. You KNOW there are HEALTH RISKS involved by taking the vaccine. You KNOW it has caused a wide range of health issues including DEATH. You KNOW children have a great immune system and you KNOW these vaccines KILL the immune system. The only thing you should be discussing is banning these vaccines.
There is 0 reason to even talk about this. Children are NOT catching this. 0.0007% chance. DO NOT ALLOW THIS. YOU HAVE NO GROUNDS NOR AUTHORITY
The risk for children is so low that there is no need for an EUA. Please provide the data that the vaccine is beneficial and that there are ZERO risks (short term and long term) for children. The risk posed to children from Covid is extremely tiny and the risk posed from new vaccines is astronomical. 
Do not mandate a vaccination for children. This is a direct infringement and abolishment of our founding values and rights. It is disgusting it has even come to this. Children are not of age to make these decisions and consent, parents shall remain responsible for making these decisions for them. 
Our children have strong immune systems and can fight covid without complications as they’ve proven throughout this pandemic please don’t mandate the children to vaccinate. Please look at all the compelling information brought fourth by scientists worldwide 
Please don't approve required vaccinations for children 5-12. The data shows that the benefits don't outway the risks.
Kids do not need to be vaccinated, you can enforce it!
A vaccination for kids this age is not needed. They fully recover for covid and have very little to mild symptoms when they do get covid. Vaccinations for kids in this age group is insanity at it’s finest. 
I am opposed to any COVID-19 vaccine being approved for use on children. The virus poses absolutely no danger to them so a vaccine is completely unnecessary.
You have no idea what the future consequences are of this vaccine. Or maybe you do. We could be destroying an entire generation of Americans. Leave the kids alone. They are not at risk of severe consequences of Covid-19.
Do not authorize FDA approval for the covid vaccine for children 5-11. Children are not at risk for serious illness and many already have natural immunity from previous infection. If this is approved and forced on children in public and private schools, myself and many other families will be leaving the school system. There is not enough long term studies on this vaccine. 
I do not agree that children should be subject to inoculations that have not been tested equally as much as the previous ones they've taken, then with that information the parents should be left to decide
The risks of side effects outweigh the benefits to children. There is no socially responsible justification for vaccinating children against covid-19.
Children should not be vaccinated as research does not show children are not spreading this Virus. 
These experimental vaccines are not safe for anyone! If you think so line your children and grandchildren up first to show America how safe they are. Let us choose the vial to verify not saline. Too many have died to a blind eye. Shame on all of you for what you have done to your own countryman. We’re the payoffs worth it.
There is no reason to vaccinate children against Covid. There is a 0% death rate for this group. Your essentially forcing potential complications via an experimental drug on the youngest of our population. This is potentially medical malpractice to the highest order. 
Please do NOT require these forced vax mandates especially on children. This is communism and we will not tolerate these mandates. We are Americans and we love our freedom. Every person should decide which medicine they put in their bodies and their children’s bodies. Period. 
I am against the vaccine for children. Children are not at significant risk for covid-19 and it seems the vaccine may be more harmful to children than the actual disease. Please do not approve this vaccine for our youth. 
Please stop killing people. A virus can not duplicate if zinc is in it. Money is not worth it. You are killing people and so easy to stop it. So many are suffering from loss of those you have taken the vaccine does damage and will kill more people! Choice is a basic right and you are killing people to make billionaires more money? Please have a heart and stop this madness
Please do not allow the Pfizer vaccine’s emergency use for children ages 5 to 11. It is an experimental drug that no one has any idea what the possible long term side effects are! It appears that politics are taking priority over public health. Please keep the health and safety of our children your top priority by not approving Pfizer’s request to inoculate these young children. 
Kids do not need the vaccine. Why vaccinate for a virus that has 99% survival rate, children are not having a problem with this virus. The health risk of vaccine is greater than the covid virus. Do not hurt our children. 
Please oppose approval of the covid-19 vaccine for 5-11 year olds!
Children are neither at risk from Covid nor vectors of the virus. Authorizing an experimental vaccine for children, where there is no long term data, makes little sense. Once any FDA authorization is given, states may also compel usage, such as in California. There is no scientific reason to rush authorization of any Covid vaccine for 5-12 years olds at this time. 
Children have the highest survival rate this vaccine is unnecessary and dangerous. 
Under no circumstance should mRNA treatments called (loosely) vaccines be emergency-authorized for additional age groups, especially children. The risks associated with such a treatment far outweigh any potential benefit. We know this. Please consider safety data. This is wrong for children. God bless and preside over this decision. 
THERE IS NO DATA ANYWHERE THAT SUPPORTS OR VALIDATES THIS ACTION
The government does not belong in the medical decision making of our children. This needs to be left to the parents as it has always been. This is an experimental new drug and children are not at risk. Please vote NO to mandatory covid vaccinations for ALL children!! Thank you
No to making this a mandatory vaccination for children
The clear scientific evidence is that children have a nearly zero chance of death from Covid-19. There is also plenty of evidence of the greater risk from the vaccine. Children do not need this vaccine and are put at greater risk from the vaccine than the virus. Protect our children from unnecessary and detrimental vaccines. Vote NO to vaccinating 5-11 year olds.
Please stop this ridiculous idea to vaccine children! You keep saying trust the science! Show us you trust the science! Children are not at risk but the vaccine could have adverse reactions to these children later in life! Just STOP NOW! When the momma and poppa bears come out you will not be happy! They can and will pull their children from the school system!
I do not want covid vaccines mandated on children ages 5-12. There is absolutely no way to know the physiological long term effects on children. Parents need to be able to exercise their right to decide what is medically best for their children. Do NOT do this! This is a gross infringement on our freedom and against our Constitutional rights!
The Covid shot is not a vaccine it is a medical treatment as it does not prevent transmission only mitigates the effects. Why would our children need this as this disease is already proven to be very mild for children? It is absolutely wrong to mandate a medical treatment for anyone but especially for our children. 
Please stop forcing medical procedures on people! You are working for the people, not God! It is clear you do not care about everyone’s well being or you’d be providing healthy food, vitamins and exercise for less than junk food. 
This is not a necessary component for the health of children. Furthermore, it still EUA, and the no record of long term effects. Kids innate immune systems need to combat this. I think it would be an abomination to give this to the kids.
We as individuals demand that the Covid vaccine mandate be halted, stopped and quit for all children 5-12 years of age. We as parents and grandparents will not stand for this treatment of our children. 
Safety trials are not complete. Do not put this in children 
I am against Covid vaccine mandates! Especially for children 
Please do not make vaccines mandatory for our children. They are not in danger of COVID-19, with data showing they are the least affected by the virus. What harm could be done to my children by this vaccine? There is more risk in them getting the vaccine than getting Covid. What about the children who already have had Covid 19? How will they be accessed differently? Thank you.
The Covid 19 Vaccines are still in their experimental stages and the United States of America should not allow experimenting on minors. On top of that Covid 19 has the least amount of risk for minors making the risk of the experimental vaccine far larger then the risk of Covid 19!! Protect our children!!
Our children should not be forced to get an experimental vaccination! We the parents should be able to make that decision instead of being forced by the State or Federal government telling us they have to be vaccinated!
It is unethical and against the Nuremberg code to be recommending an experimental gene disrupting medical technology on humanity and especially on children who have a 99.997% survival rate. 
PLEASE do not give this vax to children! It is taking a chance on altering their bodies’ natural immune functions! It scares me how all of this ineffective masking and messing with their little bodies affects their mental and future physical health!
I am firmly against vaccinating children! The science is clear that they are barely affected by the virus and that many are being harmed by taking it. Stop the madness!
The risks far outweigh the benefits that could be achieved by giving shots of Covid GENE THERAPY to a segment of our society that has little trouble with the virus or it’s variants.
These vaccines are unproven and should NOT be administered to children. Do not unecessarily sacrifice the lives, well being, and healthy future of our children. 
https://rumble.com/vkcpnr-an-open-letter-to-the-white-house-congress-cdc-fda-hhs-employers-colleges...html
This therapeutic should not be approved for young children until there is years of data on long term effects. This population has little to no risk from Covid. Since the vaccine has shown to not stop a person from catching or transmitting the virus there is no justification for children to take this risk. 
As a parent I do not want a one size fits all process for children’s medical needs. They are unique and should work with a trusted adult (parent) and their doctor for the choices of their care. The government can’t know which children are high risk of may react. Where there is risk, there must be choice. Please vote no on mandates for children. 
I STRONGLY oppose this vaccine for our children. Unlike smallpox and other fully approved vaccinations, this one has not went through the long process of being approved as 100% safe. I will not allow my little ones be used as test dummies. NEVER
Please, for the love of God and all things right and just, DO NOT ALLOW our children to be subjected to that poison. Their little bodies are already inundated with so many toxins and these shots will cause more long term harm. Government should have zero say on anyone’s health. This is a parental decision!
The vaccines are not safe and this is a population that has virtually no risk as per the mainstream narrative. A 99.9973% survival rate to be exact.
The government should NOT be making it mandatory that our children have the Covid vaccine. That decision should be that of the parent only . This vaccine is under tested for safety, unlike many vaccines that have undergone years of testing before being available to our children. 
There are too many unknowns and reems of injury already in this vaccine. Do not approve this, if you do you will prove to the world this has nothing to do with public health and much to do with global genocide. 
I am 100% against any type of covid 19 vaccines for anyone under the age of 18. I am 100% against a covid 19 vaccine for anyone between the ages of 5 and 12 years old. 
Stop the madness. No vaccinations for children! We know what is going on and we will hold all of you accountable someday. Ever heard of the Nuremberg Trials? You might want to look into that. There is zero reason to vaccinate children. They are not at risk of serious illness from covid and there are extremely effective treatments and prevention available. No vaccines for children!!!!
I do not agree with mandatory vaccinations for children. There is not enough information available to the public to convince me that there will not be any long term effects on my child. I do not feel comfortable agreeing to mandatory vaccinations. 
Stop this vaccine from being approved!!! Do what is right for our children. This vaccine has done more damage than good. I personally know 3 people who have had awful side effects from this vaccine, it has no business being approved. The harm and deaths that come from this vaccine are going to be on your hands. Our children need to be protected. Stop this. Do not approve this. 
I absolutely disagwith mandating this vaccination for children! 
Please DO NOT approve the covid-19 vaccines for children. It is unnecessary for children to receive this vaccine when they are not at risk for death from covid-19. The greater risk is in adverse effects from the vaccine. Not to mention the unknown long-term effects. If the government truly cares about its citizens, it will not approve this vaccine for children. 
I do not want this for my children! Do not mandate this!!
This is not right at all to vaccinated kids for a disease that doesn't affect kids. The vaccine causes more harm than good.
This vaccine for children 5-12 should not be mandated. They are not high risk at catching it and there hasn’t been long enough studies to prove of the side affects. No vaccine should be mandated. 
I am opposed to the covid vaccine mandate for children. Children have extremely low risk of death from covid and every child I know and according to the cdc have either mild symptoms or are asymptomatic when having contracted the virus. This shouldn't even be up for discussion. This vaccine should NOT be mandated for anybody, especially children. 
Do not approve the Covid vaccine to children aged 5-11. 
I would be more comfortable waiting until a long term study can be finished before giving my children a vaccine. My kids have blood clotting disorders. I am lucky that I know, but many children may have conditions that may not manifest for years to come. 
Children are at south low risk (almost none) of covid related complications yet we have no idea the real risk or long term risk of the vaccine for this age group. The vaccine is for self protection and children do not need to be protected from Covid (statistically). There is no conclusive data that supports this authorization. 
Do NOT approve this. They are not at risk and clinical trials won’t be done for at least 2 years. KIDS SHOULD NOT BE A PART OF A MEDICAL EXPERIMENT!!!! Protect our children from this experiment. 
I oppose CoVID vaccines to children. We have no results or knowledge of adverse reactions or long term outcomes. We cannot experiment on future generations.
Leave our kids alone! Prove that is safe and effective first.
Their is no need for a mandate for children at this time. You aren't even sure how many shots or boosters an adult needs. You obviously need more time, don't involve the kids yet. Please stop this madness, it doesn't stop the virus so why does the least vulnerable need a mandated shot? This is insanity. 
5-11 year olds to get this toxic, experimental vaccine is tantamount to manslaughter and all complicit drug companies will be held accountable under Nuremberg laws. Please DO NOT approve this vaccine for the kids. DO NOT KILL the innocent.
Please DO NOT mandate C-19 vaccines for kids 5-12! The risk to them heavily outweighs the benefit— it’s the future of our nation! 
Please no vaccine mandates for kids 5-11. Don’t experiment on our kids!!!
Kids do not need vaccinations from Covid-19. They better of getting covid and develop natural immunity. Vaccine long term effect is unkown! We need to study long term effects before we hurt our kids 
I am opposed to the suggested Mandated Covid vaccine. My kids had Covid and had no symptoms whatsoever. I don’t understand why I would now vaccinate them. Parents need the right to choose like with the flu vaccine. 
Hello, I kindly request that you halt vaccinations for children. Other countries have discontinued vaccinating young children and even teens because they are at such a low risk. We do not yet know the longitudinal effects of this vaccine and the risk to children is unwarranted.
Do not authorize this injection for children. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under the age of 18 is no ground for authorization.
I do NOT WANT MANDATES OF THE VACCINE GOR CHILDREN. 
Absolutely not. Provide all the ingredients, stop hiding information, and stop telling people this invasion of personal information should be required. You’re so convinced that it should be my body my choice for babies and genders, then you better be convinced putting something into mine or my children’s body should be my choice as well. Ridiculous abuse of power.
I am asking that you do NOT approve the EUA vaccine for children age 5-11. These children have almost zero risk of any ill effects from the virus itself, but the harmful risks of the vaccine are unknown. It has not been proven safe, nor has it been very effective for adults. Please do not experiment on our children. Your reputation will be questioned even more. We are evaluating the science also!
Please don't force our children to be vaccinated with a product that hasn't had enough testing. Our children deserve better than to be forced to be test animals. If parents want to choose to inject their children that is up to them, not the goverment.
This is sick. There is zero data that shows it will be beneficial in any way. It will cause many more deaths in children than the actual virus. This is just sick. 
I do not believe there should be any child Vaccines for Covid in children. This is still experimental drug, it is not helping the adults. Do not give children this vaccine I have seen adults have major heart problems, paralyzation and blood clots with this Covid vaccine.
I have a friend who was severely injured from taking the COVID 19 vaccine. I strongly oppose the authorization or mandate of the COVID19 vaccine for children 5 to 11 years old. It is very harmful to the children. From research the risk out way the benefits. The vaccine is a result of Myocarditis and Pericarditis. 
Children are not at risk of COVID. They never have been. Pushing an experimental vaccine with no long term safety data on children is disgusting. Please resist the billion dollar pharma industry and for once in your life do the right thing. We are talking about the health of children here!!!
In the interest of brevity, I’ll keep this short. There is NO scientific justification for vaccination of children. There is barely justification for adults. You know this, we know this, we know you know this. Its time to be honest. Your credibility has been destroyed. Let’s see if you are interested in rebuilding it.
Giving this experimental “approved” garbage to children? You have zero credibility, you are owned by the people you are supposed to be policing. You are already responsible for thousands of deaths. Hands off the children. 
The COVID vaccine should not be forced upon our children. It should be a family choice. The vaccines are under emergency use and have not been studied long enough. Boys are having heart issues, girls men’s trail issues and kids are dying, not from COVID but the vaccine. 
The unknown long term effects of these still experimental vaccines is more than enough reason to NOT allow vaccination of children! Until ALL trials are and long term effects are studied this should remain an option for consenting adults ONLY with Full Informed Consent!
I am adamantly against this vaccine for children. There are serious side effects associated with this vaccine. Children do not need to be protected from covid19. Only handful of children have serious illness from covid19 and yet many more have gotten inflammation in the heart from the vaccine.Long term effects are unknown, it’s hasn’t been tested enough, it’s still experimental. 
Please do not authorize this for children. There has not been enough time to know all the long term effects this shot may have. 
The research in healthcare does not support such an action. Please stop this action. Our children have been traumatized enough with the policies enacted on flawed information.
It is the individuals choice. If they wish to take a vaccine thats up to them. As for children that is up to the parents or legal guardian. It is not ok to force it upon unwilling individuals because parts of the masses believe whatever mainstream media tells them. 
You can issue all the "illegal" and "unconstitutional mandates you want, but if you think we'll let you touch our children with your vaccines you are in for the biggest push-back this country has every seen! Our children are not your property!
Dear FDA, Do not approve this Covid vaccine or any Covid vaccine for children. It is untested and has not gone through rigorous scientific trials. Do not approve it for use on children as that is irresponsible. 
Children should never be chanced with an experiment. This is a crime against humanity of which children are helpless in making an informed decision.
Please do not rush the covid vaccine for children. They are not high risk for severe symptoms or death from covid. They are more likely to get hurt from the vaccine than covid itself. Please conduct more testing and get long term data before allowing our children to have to take this.
For starters, the vaccine has not gone through the normal regulatory and testing processes that most all vaccines to come before it have. In fact, clinical trials for the Pfizer vaccine are not even scheduled for completion until May of 2023 -- nearly two years from now! Do not give this vaccine to children.!
As an individual with passion for science, we do not cooperate with your anti science project. Please reconsider the situation for the benefit of all, including yourself. Thank you, Iosif 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, please please please do not approve any and all covid vaccine for children ages 5-12 or any person whatsoever. 
I'm 65, diagnosed with COPD and got covid in March of 2021 (I had not been vaccinated) but I recovered in a few days with no hospital or special drugs. I will NOT get the vaccine as I'd prefer to trust my natural immunity, or the ability of my body to defeat the virus a second time. Subjecting healthy kids to a vaccine with no long term studies is criminal!
Absolutely no EUA for for covid vaccines for 5-12 year olds! There has been zero long term studies to show how this will affect a growing child!
This is absolutely wrong! Young children should never receive this virus shot!
REJECT this application. We should not be forcing our children to take something potentially harmful to them!!
Please unmask our children. Please stop tyrannical mandates and allow parents to decide which vaccines our children will or will not take. The health and well being of our children should be the hands of the parents, who know them best, not the government. It is a proven fact that one shot does not fit all. Thank you, Jill
There is no reason the government should make medical decisions for a child they have not personally been with every single day since birth.
The EUA is completely unnecessary for children. There is not enough risk for them to be included in this. It is your job to stand up for the people and not the drug company. 
As a licensed pharmacist, I feel it is not necessary to vaccinate this age group based on data showing the virus has minimal impact on them. Again, we really don’t know long term impact of this vaccine. That is a fact. 
You approved all these mRNA experimental vaccines rather quickly. Now we're mandated and I'm going on leave without pay. PLEASE approve another vaccine that's more traditional, more transparent and works better.
I am commenting on the proposed passing of a vaccine approval/mandate for young children aged (5-12). Significant scientific data, scientific and medically reviewed studies; along with statistical documentation provide a pathway to the facts. Mandating /approval for this age group carries more risk than benefits . I am in strong opposition . 
I strongly oppose vaccine mandates of any kind to any minor or adult. 
Absolutely no way I’d vaccinate my children. People do your due diligence, research all the side effects people are having. This is a virus with a 99% survival rate. Stop buying the fear. 
This is insane to to give a non-approve jab to children. Haven’t you murdered enough adults, and want to murder children. You will pay for this. Don’t do it
Over my dead body will anybody force vaccinate anyone! 
Discuss a request to amend Pfizer-BioNTech’s EUA for administration of their Covid-19 mRNA injection to children 5 through 11 years of age. With such a low fatality rate for children, as a parent I feel they are better protected with natural immunity. Too many adverse reactions and the risks outweigh the reward in my opinion.
Covid vaccines for children are not necessary and have proven to be harmful. Do not move forward with this!
You have no right to vaccinate children with a unproven drug. The notion that it is to protect older people is ridiculous. It is up to the older generation to protect the children. 
Please do not make vaccines mandatory for children. Each individual has health considerations and religious considerations. We are as unique as our fingerprints and there is no “one size fits all” when it comes to the health of ourselves and our children. Our world is being torn apart by mandates. 
I refuse to give my children an experimental non proven shot. I will pull them out and send them to private school or home school if necessary. This shot mandate is racist because it disproportionately affects minority children.
Young children are at a very low risk of becoming seriously ill or dying from Covid 19. They may have a higher risk of becoming injured from this vaccine than from the actual virus. This vaccine should undergo much more extensive and long term testing and studies on the particular age group before approval of its use is obtained for them. 
This is an experimental drug and should never be used on children. The side affects alone on the people currently get this poison should show that this whole Covid 19 vaccine process should come to a complete stop for everyone. How dare you try to attack our children. We do not consent.
Kids do not need the COVID vaccine. They are low risk to die from Covid and they are not the spreaders. There is no need to push this vaccine that we do not know the long term risks. 
FDA: Please consider denying this request from the government to vaccinate 5-12 year old children. There is NO scientific data saying this is necessary. Since it would be experimental, you are experimenting on young children. When did our medical choices become a government choice. This has got to stop. Please vote NO.
This is insanity. Kids are not a threat. Stop the madness and STOP trying to force this vaccine on children. 
I recommend that you decide to delay anymore administration of any of these experimental COVID vaccines. The actual data that is coming out is very much not good for the long term effects of experimental mRna therapies. If one must dare ‘protect’ the very most at risk then in this child cohort, put that under ‘right to try’. Certainly not to give en mass to children. Stop Now Please
Please don’t mandate these chemicals for children. I am vaccinated, but this shouldn’t be forced on little kids when they are not as affected as the elderly. This vaccine needs more time, I will trust with more longevity. 
Please do not authorize the covid "vaccine" for younger children. Kids are not effected by this virus. I know because my kids ages 15, 13 and 11 were hardly phased by this virus. Please, in the name of Jesus, do not allow younger children to be injected.
Please don't approve the covid vaccine for children. I am very concerned that the possible side effects do not make it worth the risk.
The threat of this virus is so low for children that it should be a choice for parents to decide if it is in their best interest instead of a mandate. And the efficacy of it preventing virus transmission is still inconclusive. We should let more information be determined before a sweeping public health mandate. 
Based on the research I have done I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines.
0.0007% survival rate I bet the vaccine doesn't have that. Crimes against humanity you are guilty if not culpable. 
Children do not need the vaccines. Children do not need to mask. All immigrants over the age of 12 that have crossed need vaccinations. All homeless need vaccination. These are people that taxpayers have become responsible for. Parents can make their own decisions vacine or not. It is not the government’s responsibility to dictate how we handle how health.
Children are the future. Please refrain from forcing a vaccine on them when we know so little about the long term consequences. 
Children are not sick its not approved and the mRNA stunting their growth and health its not safe for them;
If we take money and profit out of the vaccine equation would the covid19 vaccine still be "good" for the American people? If none of these companies were making any money would you still be forcing the vaccine on people? 
We do not know enough about vaccine side effects, long term. A larger % of kids will survive if they get Covid, so parents should be able to make that choice, of risks of Covid versus risks of the Vaccine. This is being rushed through, and i reapeat we do not know the long term effects!!
WE DO NOT CONSENT with the emergency authorization of the Covid vaccine for children 5-11. 
Current vaccine data indicates it is less than 30% effective and children are not likely to get or spreach covid. 4 children have died and over 15000 adults have died. That indicates this vaccine is unsafe and has a side effect of death. 
I don’t agree with the mandate. We should not force anyone to inject anything into their body. This goes against our rights.
Children aged 5-12 face no substantial risk for Covid death or adverse effects as every medical study in every country has proven. Therefore there is zero reason that children should be subjected to an experimental drug. More research needs to be done before this is given to the masses!
I am asking you to say NO ti Xo is vaccine for children ages 5 - 11. Please vote NO.
Get rid of the mandates. The efficacy is way low. The government never seriously addresses natural immunity. No one trust you anymore because of lie after lie. No long term studies at all, yet you force an unproven vaccine on everyone. Look at VAERS. 
Why in the world do you want to give this Covid vaccine to children when their survival rate is 99.995% (according to a study). The majority of children have little or no symptoms! This is insane! I expect there will be more deaths and side affects from the vaccine than from the disease!
Do not want covid shot for children. This is madness. Stop this now.
The vaccine has been shown to have more side effects than Covid to young people. No mandates! 
This is NOT ok!! I will not let my children be your lab rats. 
There is no reason for children to be mandated to have a vaccine where they have over a 99% chance of survival. We do not know long term side effects for these emergency use vaccines. Please do not force this on our children. 
My younger sister was injured by her vaccinations and had health issues for years. You cannot mandate a one-size-fits-all approach to vaccination. VAERS illustrates that with tens of thousands of reported injuries and deaths. NO MANDATES!!!
Asking children, who are not capable of consenting, to take on the risks and side affects of vaccines to protect the elderly and those immunocompromised is unethical. The end does not justify the means.
I am against. Please don’t put this in out children. 1) v doesn't stop transmission, so no reason to v kids to improve public health or protect others.2) the risk of Covid death or complications in children is almost 0. The risk of the illness does not outweigh the risk of the v in children.
I urge you to protect parents right to decide for their children. No government should ever be in charge of what goes in our bodies, let alone our children. God gave us magical immune systems, let them do their job. Protect parents right to choose!!! Our children are not at a high risk.
This vaccine does not belong in children’s arms. Besides Covid having over 99% survival rate in children, the symptoms in children are very low. Some aren’t even affected at all. The risks of the vaccine far outweigh any potential benefits. It’s been shown to cause myocarditis in young men, so what’s it going to do in young children? Don’t experiment on the children.
What kind of world do we live in where kids are not contracting this virus like adults but you want to approve an experimental vaccine for them. My children have been playing in sports since fall of 2020 and not one child contracted anything. This is not the measles, mumps or polio. Do not approve this. 
No need to inject children with a novel gene therapy as the virus poses no statistical risk to children. It’s the pinnacle of stupidity to test this injection on our children. There have been no long-term safety studies as the injections haven’t been around long enough to assess 2-5-10yr impacts. My children will not be participating in this experiment. 
Children should NOT receive a non approved vaccine EVER!!! 
Please do not allow children to be vaccinated. They have almost a zero chance of becoming seriously ill from Covid. The vaccines will kill way more children than Covid will. It also appears the other terrible effects of the vaccine will not appear until months or years later. Also, giving an experimental drug to children in order to "protect" adults is obscene. 
Please represent me and everyone I know and stop these vaccine mandates! Especially leave the babies /children alone!Keep America free!! Thank you
Do. No. Harm. When the vaccine causes worse side effects than the actual disease, withdraw the vaccine. Covid 19 is not dangerous for healthy children. The vaccine is dangerous. Do. No. Harm. Leave the kids alone. Approving a vaccine for a population that has no risk of dying from the disease is not only wrong, but will create a wave of dissent and distrust from parents. DoNo. Harm. . 
Please do not authorize Covid vaccine for emergency use in children ages 5 to 11. There is no emergency in this age group. Further, the study done was too small and did not include children who had previous infection. 
I am appalled by the fact that 5-12 year olds will be getting this vaccine.This is our " next generation" of leaders! Please don't do this to our children, they are like Gold to our country. The percentages of death & harm are there before your very eyes.Blessings to you and l pray that you will reconsider, Brenda Lawrence
Children ages 5-11 do NOT need the covid vaccine. This age range is NOT the driver of this virus. The time and readout Des would be better spent studying the long- term effects of all covid vaccines!
pls dont autherise vaccination for children. thanx
Why would you be insane enough to mandate something in children where they are more likely to be Injured from the vaccine than from the illness itself. Its like a mild cold in children. Stop this insanity and think about it for a minute. We are letting common sense go by the wayside.
I will not support mandating children with such a low risk of having adverse effects of covid. Especially with limited data. Risk outweighs benefit. I will fight this with all that I have. I will homeschool my child if necessary. I will move somewhere where my medical and religious freedoms are not being stripped from me. This is wrong.
This charade will end with a mass of blood on your hands if you allow for the kids to be mandatory to the vaccine
Children should not be given the COVID vaccine. Stop this abuse!!
I am totally against giving our children the "vaccine" that is not safe. Dr. Ardis knows the truth and he has done the research that proves it is unsafe.
Take more time in determining vaccinations for this population. Please wait longer for the long term effects to emerge before blindly opening this up to all populations.Do you realize what you’re doing? What you have already done?
Do not COVID vaccinate children 5-11, it is far too dangerous and wrong.
Stop the nonsense, let kids get their own immunity. Americans freedom is CHOICE,not dictating what government wants. VOTE NO to mandatory vaccinations for covid. Especially for our children!!
Do not mandate vaccines for children. The cdc uses false statistics comparing Covid 19 infection in non vaccinated children vs Covid 19 in vaccinated children and says symptoms are less. But the chance of a child coming down with Covid 19 at all is virtually nil. The risk to children from the vaccine are huge. Vote no to Covid vaccines for children. 
I'm a 65 year old woman who just can't understand why anyone would vaccinated a child that is so pure of heart with a vaccine that has not been approved and that millions of us know are very dangerous. We know it and you know it. Only someone with evil intentions would do this. I pray for those who would even consider doing such a horrifying act. Please leave the children alone
If FDA's intent is to make administration of a COVID19 vaccine to children mandatory , then I object. If it is the FDA's intent to require vaccines for children as a prerequisite to any activity normally performed by children then I object. 
Mandating a vaccine for any child is totally wrong. This should always be a decision made by the child's mother or father, or person having been awarded permanent custody. Please defend and protect the rights of the family.
Please stop forcing covid vaccines on children and adult! This is against our human rights!
This is an unnecessary and government controlled plan. Let the parents have the medical freedom to choose what is right for their child. 
Having kids take a civic vaccine is idiocy. Look at the numbers they are just as well off as a double vaccinated adult. 
It’s surprising these vaccines are still being offered to anyone. The rate of death and disability thus far would have shut down every other vaccine program months ago. To even consider testing these vaccines on children at this point is criminally negligent and immoral.
I object to these ludicrous experiments on our children! Leave them alone! 
You have absolutely NO RIGHT to mandate a vaccine for ANYONE. What you are doing is DISGRACEFUL and UNETHICAL . And you know it!
Do not go forward with this, the seasonal flu is more dangerous to children than in this age group than COVID-19.
Subjecting children to an experimental injection is unethical. 
More studies and study groups need to be done before our children are subject to this the public needs to know the content of the vaccine and what each component does before it is released to the public
I am completely opposed to the mandatory vaccination of anyone especially children. This decision should be solely that of the parents and not of the government. Please reconsider the mandating of vaccines for children 5-12. 
I vehemently oppose the mandating of covid vaccines for children! Covid is more than 99% curable for children and it does not make sense to mandate it for them! It can be optional for those who want it! Thank you.
With all the available evidence of myocarditis in children and young adults, it would be irresponsible, negligent and dangerous to begin injecting even younger ages with this new vaccine. 
Under no circumstances should this be approved for children. The vaccine is not without risk and Covid presents near zero risk to children. Please do not approve
I do not agree with the Vaccination of young children 
I absolutely oppose mandatory vaccines for children. Every vaccine approved has been classified as unavoidably unsafe. Medical decisions need to stay in the hands of individuals. No vaccines are safe in a one size fits all standard. 
There is a .0007% fatality rate for children under 18. It is NOT necessary to REQUIRE this for children. Please stop the madness!
Please do not approve this experimental vaccine for our kids. It’s too new it needs more time and research. Perhaps in a couple of years. Give our kids a chance, a future. PLEASE DO NOT approve. 
it is apparent that covid is not responsible for very many deaths among children. They recuperate vey quickly. I am opposed to giving children a vaccine that is not proven and has so many bad side effects. I believe the medical community knows these risk and are sitting on the sidelines. Please protect our children by rescinding this horrible idea that could endanger our children.
Giving the vaccine to children is not safe nor effective. This is something that shouldn't be allowed! Rethink it and do not approve any mandatory about it please. Since our goal is to protect the children we should not put the vaccine as an option for them! We did not see any illness among children so it's really unnecessary! And not moral in any way!
No. Absolutely no. I'd say follow the science but in this case - learn the science. No mandated vaccines for children 5-12. Mandates are not law. It means as much as my telling everyone they will eat chocolate cake every day for the rest of their life.
You cannot, in good conscience, approve this vaccine for ages 5-11. Children are not a high risk for Covid complications and this vaccine has already done more damage than any other vaccine in history. If you truly care about the health of our children, you would vote not to approve this vaccine. Please make the only moral decision and vote NO. 
I vehemently oppose mandated vaccines for anyone who is not at-risk and, statistically speaking, kids ages 5-12 are not at-risk from Covid.
Our children DO NOT need to be vaccinated against covid, because they have such a high recovery rate; the vaccines are made from materials that are unnatural and HARMFUL to their growing bodies AND the vaccines are still in their experimental stage and YOU know that!! Our children are not guinea pigs!! Praying you do the right thing. 
PLEASE STOP with the mandatory vaccinations for children.They are not at risk for this virus.
There is absolutely no need for kids getting this vaccine. The chances of them dying are zero
This is totally ridiculous. There is no long term testing to validate the need fir this and it should be totally up to the parent/guardian whether or not to subject their child to an experimental drug.
I ask You to not vaccinate our young children, there are so many adverse effects even to the older ones. They don’t get Covid. Please leave our children alone with their healthy immune systems in tact. 
Why would a Covid 19 vaccine be mandated for Children that have already had Covid 19? How come no one talks about the antibodies and letting ones immune system do what it is supposed to do. Children do not need this vaccine? 
These vaccines have not had enough long term studies to be deemed safe or necessary for children.
Our Russian Jewish community and myself are vehemently against covid vaccination of children! There is almost 0% mortality in children from covid, there are adverse reactions from this new experimental treatment with unknown future consequences!
No to vaccinating children 5 to 11!! Do not mess with their DNA!! Government should not take the place of parents choice on unapproved vaccines!!
In 74 years of life, this is the most egregious abuse of power we have ever seen in our country. Children should not be used as guinea pigs being injected with an experimental vaccine.
Please DO NOT MANDATE vaccines for children. It is not the government's place to determine medical care of these Innocents. That decision belongs ONLY to the parents. You are violating the Constitution with mandates.
No vaccine should be mandatory. People should have the choice of what they want to put in their bodies. Government should not regulate this.
Please do not involve children of any age in this experimental injection. It is proven that they are one of the LOWEST, if not the lowest, risk groups at this time. We have not had enough time to determine any long-term effects, so the risk-reward potential is non-existent within this age group.Thank you for your attention in this matter. And,looking forward to your support. 
As a parent and grand parent I think it is a DISGRACE that you want to start giving children 5 years and up the covid-19 vaccine (that most of us know is not a vaccine). You should be ashamed of yourselves! I truly hope you are better people who will wake up and realize what you are doing before it is too late.
Thousands of parents will not vaccinate their children. Then these children will not be able to attend in person learning. This is detrimental to their social life!! You will be segregating children. When these children develop adverse reactions, and perhaps die, this will be on your hands.
Stop permitting vaccination to the school kids 5-11 and older. This is not right! Not enough time to trust to this injection and stab our kids !!!!! Stop this MADNESS, please 
I do not agree with the children 5-12 vaccine. There has been no study on the long term affects this will have on their young bodies. I oppose this vaccine mandate it is unconstitutional. 
Please do not have mandates until much more research is done. At the end of the day WE are the clinical trials, no matter how you try to spin it. Parents should have a right to choose what vaccines their children get. 
I do not want my children to receive an experimental vaccine, this vaccine has skipped normal clinical trials, the long term effects of this vaccine are unknown, I respectfully request that you delay any decision on giving this vaccine to children until the long term risk and side effects are known. 
Please do not approve the mRNA expirmental vaccine for our 5 year old children.you know it will harm them,and you have no idea of future harm of growing brains and fertility.please don't do this.
It has been shown that there were not many cases of Covid through age bracket 5-12 yrs old during this pandemic thus we don’t need to vaccinate these young children who can not make sound decision for their health and we have to weigh also the necessity of giving the Covid19 vaccine against the Risks of adverse effects of the vaccine to these young children 
I can't wait to vaccinate my 8 and 11 year old kids. Thank you for your diligent work in helping keep us safe. 
The data for long term effects and efficacy on this “vaccine” are insufficient to approve mass inoculation of young children. Covid-19 is statistically a zero threat to this age group. How could you possibly authorize emergency use when there is no emergency?
I am opposed to the approval of the covid 19 vaccine for 5-11 year old. A child is more likely to have adverse reactions to the vaccine then they would to just getting covid and recovering. If we are truly following science and asking real question and using critical thinking skills we might see that the push for this vaccine is not necessary.
To whom it may concern,The vaccination for children should not be approved this quickly. It would be a rush to push it through prematurely. The risk to our children 12 and under are exceedingly low, much lower than the regular seasonal flu for which we do not require or mandate vaccinations. 
I oppose the COVID shot mandate for everybody and oppose mandating it for school children. Do NOT make it mandatory for school children to have the COVID shot.
100% against vaccination mandates for children or anyone else for that matter! This is completely unconstitutional and I as an Americans citizen will not stand for tyranny!
Parental choice is paramount when it comes to vaccination. Please don't over reach. 
I feel it's terrible to mandate that children must receive the covid 19 vaccine. From the start of corona back in March 2020 everyone unanimously said that corona is not a threat for children and teens. The last year and a half proved that to be true. There is no reason that children should be mandated to receive the covid vaccine. YS
Please do not impose any mandates for vaccines especially for children
https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2019/05/03/719037789/botched-vaccine-launch-has-deadly-repercussionsThe FDA has an obligation not to repeat similar mistakes!
It is extremely reckless to mandate a vaccine on children that has not been around long enough to show allOf the future effects. They are our FUTURE. 
To force people of any age to take an experimental substance is against the laws of nature. Please rethink your true purpose for considering these mandates. Helene Geer
I am the grandfather of a young child and cannot believe you are even considering treating a child with a novel biological agent for a virus that has a less than 1% mortality rate. Studies have shown that natural immunity is much better than this novel mRNA vaccine that has little to no empirical testing information. Vote no. 
I ask that the FDA, CDC, and all other health organizations reconsider forcing any and all covid vaccines on children 5 to 11 years of age. There is evidence that young children are not vectors of covid, nor are they affected greatly by naturally occurring infections. Until there is a long term study of the vaccines effects on children, this is reckless. 
I’m opposed to forcing my children to get the COVIC19 vaccine. The long term effects are unknown. The at risk groups are already protected. No need to rush this. We all need to do our due diligence and see what the long term effects are. Thank you for your consideration. 
This vaccine should not be approved for children this young. It has not gone through enough testing for children this young.
You claim to believe in science? Follow it: children are not at risk from covid, but ARE at risk from vaccination.If you want to regain public trust, you'll have to start acting like you care about facts.
Hi, i am opposed to mandating my children to get the vaccine. With the vaccine unable ti stoo the spread and with the data that healthy children have 0.0 chance of death, it is unscientific an immoral. 
Please do NOT vaccinate our children! They are gifts from GOD and do NOT need to be experimented on!! PLEASE!!
Is our government in a panic. misinformed or being bought. This vaccine is still not really through being tested. Trials won't be finished until 2023. Too many children have already had heart issue after vaccination, and they have been shown that they are not in critical danger from Covid. Check VAERS statistics. Please do your research or go down in ;history as murderes.
My 5 year old almost has zero risk of being hospitalized or killed by Covid... And she has antibodies. Is this actually about public health, or profit? 
The vaccine has not been tested long enough. It’s dangerous and irresponsible. Our children are not enrolled in clinical trials. 
Please please do not mandate or give our children experimental vaccines without at least 10 - 15 years of data to ensure they are 100% safe and will cause no harm at all to even one child.
I strongly urge you NOT to approve, for experimental use or otherwise, any MRNA-related vaccine for treatment of Covid/coronavirus for children ages 5-11. Children are not at statistical risk of death or severe disease from the coronavirus/Covid-19. The MRNA vaccines are more dangerous than the coronavirus itself. Again, please do NOT approve this vaccine on Oct 26.
I am adamantly opposed to experimenting with vaccines on children. There have been too many deaths and adverse effects. 
This is medical tyranny and aSick experiment on humanity for a plandemic that does NOT affect children, has a 99.987% survivability rate & can be treated with simple, safe & inexpensive drugs like HCQ. LEAVE THE CHILDREN ALONE!!!! 
Absolutely NOT, there are no long term risk studies I will not tolerate anyone forcing my children to get injection that is understudy That would ne neglect How dare anyone put children is potential harm Loved through pandemic without your poison 
I'm against the lobbying and the FDA prematurely approving the us
This should not be mandated for anyone and a personal choice for everyone. People are still dying from the vaccine. It has not been tested enough to be mandated. Vaccines are tested for years and people still choose not to get them. This is no different
Vote NO TO VACCINES FOR Young CHILDREN 5 years old. They don’t need to have this experimental MRNA put into them. It’s a crime against children!
The government should not get to tell me how to raise my child. I determine what is safe fo rly child, and what medication they put in their body. 
I am opposed to children receiving this shot for the corona virus. Healthy children are not getting very sick with this virus and they are not dying. They are not super spreaders. Please do not forget my grandchildren to receive this untested, experimental shot. Thank you. 
This vaccine was rolled out too quickly. If you look at the history of past vaccines that were mandatory for children you will see that testing was done for years prior. Why the rush? We have no idea how it will affect our beloved children. Please stop the mandate now.
My family and I do not support the covid19 vaccination mandate for our children. There’s no long term studies to show it is safe. Children are not a threat to covid19. Taking the vaccine should be a choice not coercion.
As a medical professional and concerned parent, I firmly reject the use of this vaccine in anyone, let alone children who are one of our most vulnerable populations. 
Please, save the children..and let them alone. My friends son died after his covid vaccine ....which woke me up to the thousands of deaths from this shot. Helathy kids don't die of covid. Leave them alone. 
Children do not need to be vaccinated. They are very tolerant of this virus
Absolutely stand against any type of covid vaccine for children or adults. The efficacy numbers keep changing all the way from 100 to 3%.
Data does not bear out the necessity of vaccinating children. They are not in a high risk group for contamination or high risk for severity. They are in a high risk group for side effects. This is unnecessary and dangerous and illegal. 
There has not been enough studies done on the future and present health consequences of any of these vaccines. And to want to mandate vaccination on the lowest risk population being our children is so irresponsible. 
To mandate the Covid Shot for children is absolute MADNESS, since covid adversely affects children in very rare cases. We do not know how this shot will affect anyone long-term, let alone our children. 5 years from now, will it cause infertility...diabetes...cancer? WE DO NOT KNOW. It is criminal to give this shot to children, let alone mandate it. 
Please consider the safety of our children and the freedom of medical choice that we have as parents before surrendering to what the government is forcing us into. Please think of all the families and lives you will ruin of you approve this “vaccine.” The government is already lying to us about the status of EUA vs full FDA approval. Please don’t let them force this on our babies. Do not approve!
Got my vax in March but wouldn’t today. We all know by now the vaxed and unvaxed are equally at risk for Covid. Children were already in the least risk category. It is immoral to inject them unnecessarily with an untried vaccine.
The safety of the experimental so-called Covid-19 vaccine is not proven. Please do not force children, or adults to receive this experimental drug. 
I urge you not to approve Covid vaccines for children ages 5-12. There is a lot of evidence this is not necessary and might be even harmful to children who are not in a serious risk to get ill from the virus. Thank you for protecting our children from unnecessary medications.
PLEASE delay implementation of the jab to pregnant women, women of child-bearing age range and children or teens. The experimental vaccine is already harming recipients and will likely damage untold thousands. These groups are at very low risk of serious illness, much less death from Covid. WAIT, DELAY OR DENY this unproven scourge against innocents!
No Covid vaccine for ages 5-12. And no mandate for it to attend school. 
Opposing the use of covid vaccine on children 5-11. They are unsafe and need more time for the development and study on its short term and long term effects. Our children are not for testing s.
Vaccines should not be mandatory it is our human right to make our own decision. 
Absolutely against this and the darn masks. Our kids need to breathe and have oxygen to the brain to learn. Kids immune systems are not to be altered. I am not for giving my son the vaccine. Natural immunity. Vitamins and eating healthy is all he needs. All any kid needs. 
Don’t touch the kids! Let there be a choice for all. Stop being tyrannical! You’re going to start something that won’t be able to be stopped. Look to the future, if the line isn’t drawn here, then where?!?! We’ve complied thus far. Do the right thing! History will judge you harshly in the future. 
Stop the Approval and Mandate for children to receive the Covid-19 vaccines.
Natural immunity is better than an experimental drug full of chemicals,toxins,fetal cells and serious side effects including death.Your profit is not my problem.We are aren’t taking your death jab.
This gene therapy has not been fully authorized by the FDA. They authorize a product with a different name claiming it to be the gene therapy. According to the VAERS report there are many problems with this gene therapy.I would not give this to my child for any amount of money! Please do not consider doing this to our children.
The covid 19 vaccine is not necessary or proven effective for any age personANY!!
I am not ok with this mandate for our children, each individual household and we as parents should have the RIGHT to choose for our children!!!!
There should definitely be NO mandate for vaccines for anyone and especially children. It is a parents right to choose medical care for their child...not the government! The chances of children getting COVID is extremely low and death from COVID is even much lower...Our children are ours... NOT the government...Keep your noses out of our business!
This vaccine hs not been put through the normal process, there are too many adverse reactions tht have not been fully investigated! Children 5-13 are extremely low risk of developing any serious symptoms from this virus!! The facts just dont add up to vaccine mandates!!!My family says NO NO NO!!
This is absolutely insane… those making these decisions need to make sure they can sleep at night. This is socialism, not about health at all!
We have two daughters who are immunocompromised. Our 8 year old daughter has had severe reactions to vaccines in the past. If this becomes a mandate for our girls we will be forced to move them away from their friends, their family and their home. 
I am adamantly opposed to a vaccine for kids for Covid. They are in a category where they hardly ever get it and if they do, they have almost 100% survival rate and they have antibodies. A dangerous vaccine, that has been known to kill, is not needed!
This needs to stop! We are in no way shape or form of needing an emergency use authorization of a "shot" against covid. This is ridiculous. This shot doesn't prevent kids from getting or spreading covid-19. This should never be mandating and only ever an option as long as everyone knows the full extent of the risks! No mandates!
Our children should not be greeting a vaccination that has not yet been fully studied. This vaccine does more harm than good!
: Parental consent must be required when it comes to any vaccinations, including the Covid vaccine
I am against vaccinating children with the covid experimental vaccine. 
Covid vaccines should NOT be approved for children! The benefit does not outweigh the risk. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, less than 2% of children known to be infected by the coronavirus are hospitalized, and less than 0.03% of those infected die. The vaccine will cause more risk to them than covid. Do the right thing and protect our children!
Please stop with the approval for children. This was a small study with too many inknowns. Long term most especially.
Please do NOT recommend this shot for children.Children have very little danger from the COVID virus itself, and they should not be exposed to a "vaccine" without more thorough, long term testing, including testing fertility.
Stop with the illegal mandates and over reaching Health injuries and evil lies you all are responsible for!!! I am holding all of you responsible individually for the way you are treating during this time of critical health issues that you are demanding humans of every age to do!! STOP!!!
No child under 18 should be subject to Any experiment. Use rats or discard the rubbish if it doesn't work on them. You are breaking the laws of Nature. If. You. Mess with children you will face the. Punishment one day. For you are. Not their Creator 
It is outrageous to inject children with this toxic poison that had killed and permanently injured tens of thousands of adults and teens. Stop this madness now!!
We oppose the approval of the Covid-19 injection on kids age 5-11. There is not enough data and testing done to determine it’s safety and efficacy with only 2 years max of testing. It FDA approves and California requires kids to be vaccinated for Covid to attend school, more and more families including ours will be pulling our kids from school. 
We've all had Covid in my household. We don't want pharma in our lives, we don't trust the government or pharma!!! We are sovereign beings, by the authority of God, to live free! I bind you demons in the name of Jesus! AMEN
Children are at virtually little to risk of dying from Covid 19! Mandating a vaccine that’s more likely to permanently injure or kill them than the actual virus is insane and is not health freedom! You must stop this insanity!!
Covid 19 vaccines should not be made available for children 5-11 they are Not at risk to this virus and do not need to take an experimental drug 
It madness to vaccinate children of that age group!
I oppose mandating the Covid vaccine for children starting at age 5. 
Unnecessary vaccination of children when they have a great immune system and do not need vaccinations for Covid.
With low death rates due to Covid-19. and adverse reactions to the vaxx increasing, it makes NO SENSE to mandate vaccines for children.
My freedom of choice is my right. No one or government has the right to force anyone to put anything in our bodies that we do not want. And my child WILL NOT be taking anything I’m not comfortable giving them. 
This is dangerous and unconstitutional. We have no knowledge about the long-term impacts of this type of drug on anyone. Follow the 4th and 10th Amendments and stay away from any vaccine mandates.
There’s not enough data. Spare the children and postpone this decision. Children are surviving this virus. They don’t need the vaccine. It certainly doesn’t meet the legal or scientific requirements for an EUA. No. No. No. Vote no! Do not empower politicians and organizations to force children to take this. It will force parents to exit the system. 
Do NOT approve vaccinating children between 5-11 - this vaccine is NOT studied and will harm our children!! You will have blood on your hands!!
Please, please wait before making any drastic decisions to require our children to make a choice such as this. My child has allergies to many many things and who is to say he wouldn’t have a reaction to this? Please give us parents or our individuals doctors, the choice on what is best for our kids. 
I’m absolutely opposed to vaccinations of the children!
I am opposed to covid vaccine requirements for children. I am a father and husband. My wife and kids and I have all been sick with covid and therefore have had robust immunity. We believe the costs of mandating vaccines for children out way the benefits. 
You prostitutes to Big Pharma are sick, demented murderers. All of you should be on trial for crimes against humanity. Get the hell out of our lives and stop playing God. Your phony vaccine is poison. Stop trying to kill children for profit. How do you live with yourselves knowing what death and suffering your cusing? 
If the vaccine was so life saving why would Murphy “wait until after he’s re-elected to announce vaccine mandates”???? We will never comply. Don’t bother passing mandates it’s a waist of time. 
To approve/administer vaccines that are more likely to harm than protect children from a virus that is 99.9% curable is nothing short of madness. It is absolute proof this is not about curing a pandemic.
I think it is not necessary to have kids vaccinated, mini kids have already been exposed with little or no side effects at all.
This COVID jab for kids who have 99.98% survival is nazi insanity, and should be prosecuted under Nuremberg laws.
I stand against the mandate of the covid vaccine for children. There have been over 17,000 deaths related to the vaccine reported to VAERS. Children are at greater risk of death from getting the jab than the covid virus.
I think that the vax, has adverse reactions, like miocarditis, trombocitopenia, clots, and is not safe!!!
I absolutely disagree with the government making Covid-19 vaccines mandatory in any way, especially for children aged 5-12. Government is elected to protect our rights, not our health. Parents are the ultimate authority over their children, they alone should be the ones to decide if their children should be vaccinated. 
Children have a higher risk of dying from a Covid vaccine than if they had actually gotten Covid, the vaccine trials have no long term safety data, the vaccine makers have zero liability and children are highly unlikely to die of Covid. The vaccines are not safe and should not be authorized for chuildfen. 
No COVID vaccination mandates for children 5-11 and no mandates for anyone. The vaccinations are causing more deaths and sickness then the COVIDvirus itself. The so called vaccines are gene therapy and not a vaccine at all. They weaken your immune system and harm your DNA.
There is more risk of the vaccine to children than the disease itself. The cure cannot be worse than the disease. This is a not a long term tested vaccine what is the rush. I’m not anti vaccine I’m anti mandate. 
No one should be forced to have the vaccine and children should not be mandated it is wrong in every level 
There is not enough evidence to show it is safe. The vaccine has not been around long enough. It takes years to see side effects of vaccines.
How can you mandate/approve a jab when you still don’t have all the information about long term side effects https://www.fda.gov/media/151710/download
No long term studies (children age 5-11) have been conducted so there is no data available on the effects of this shot; please, do not approve
I fully support the approval of a COVID-19 vaccine for children ages 5 to 12. My entire family has been vaccinated with the exception of my two nieces, aged 4 and 8. The 4 year old will turn 5 in March. Please allow our children to be vaccinated as soon as possible. 
Due to the fact this product is still in the experimental phases it does not make sense to submit children to the uncontrolled trial as well. There have been adverse effects, with all age groups, that have been largely ignored or disregarded. No one knows the long term effects. I feel it is best to NOT go forward with this shot.
The side effects and unknown long term side effects are more harmful and questionable then the side effects and long term side effects of contacting and recovering from covid. I will never vaccinate my children to something that has a 99% survival rate with natural immunity lasting greater then a vaccine
Oppose all requirements and/or mandates for children to receive this never-before-used-in-humans mRNA injection. There is zero long-term information on the safety nor on the efficacy. More time and testing of the vaccine/Mrna injection is required to ensure safety. 
It is against anyone’s individual god given rights and the right given to us by the constitution for you to mandate a “vaccine” in which is still experimental and is killing more people in this year than any vaccine has killed in the last decade. So much information is being supressed which can only mean propaganda. 
We are vehemently opposed to any sort of vaccine mandate. If it’s effective - than the vaccine should work for whoever CHOOSES to be vaccinated. This is the USA - we have freedom here . What our Parnes st and grandparents fought for. We will not be your human experiments 
Under no circumstances should anyone be injecting our children with drugs that are still in the testing period. Are you all mental to think this is ok? It is not ok. 
There is absolutely no way I would feel comfortable having my child get a vaccine that has only been on the market for less than a year, especially considering the survival rate of kids.
I AM COMPLETELY AGAINST THIS VACCINE FOR CHILDREN AND ADULTS.
No covid vaccines for children!It’s unethical and not necessary!
It is frightening that these Covid vaccines would be approved for children 5-11 years old without any long term safety data or long term studies. I pulled my children out of public school and so long as this culture of mandates persists, I will not be sending them back. 
I believe vaccines should not be mandatory. Everyone has a right to choose what goes inside their body. To mandate such a thing is a violation of personal rights. This is not freedom.
I disagree the approval of the COVID-19 vaccination requirement for children. I do not believe that enough data is available to outweigh the risks. I respectfully ask that this decision be delayed until further studies are available. 
I am concerned that there is not enough long term testing to recommend this as safe for our children. We are already seeing signifiant side effects for the teenage and adult groups, and to pass this as safe for our younger children is just plain evil. 
Too many side affects with the Covid vaccine. You are not touching my children. 
Children don't need to be vaccinated. They have immunity to fight off viruses. With COVID, they had 99.8% recovery. This will be extremely dangerous to get them vaxxed, considering all of the side effects that adults are experiencing. For children, there will most likely be more deaths.
Stay aware from the kids you evil people. There is no long term data. 
I’m opposed to my children, 8 and 10 years old, getting the vaccine. I know many people who have received the vaccine and incurred health issues they have never had before. I am 100% against it and will protest it, if need be. 
Do not approve this drug for our babies 5-11. Stop the madness and get right with God! Where you spend eternity depends on your decision. Stop pushing this evil. You will be judged accordingly 
It is unconstitutional and unethical to require any and all vaccines. If we want unity in our nation, it also includes this. Stay out of parent / child rights. 
Kids are not suffering from Covid like adults. Schools are not suffering from high numbers of Covid. Children should not be subjected to receiving a vaccine that is harm so many adults. Please don’t do this until after more information comes in about the vaccine and how it affects children.
I am highly against the authorization of the Covid-19 MRNA vaccine for children. It has been shown that they are not effected by covid-19 the same way that adults are. There risks for severe outcome are very very low. They are also still developing neurologically and we should be very cautious as to what we put into their bodies that could have the potential to disrupt this.
Children should not be given anything experimental, especially an experimental vaccine. No. No. No.
Myself and many others are concerned about a mandatory Covid 19 vaccine for children, who are at low risk of infection or transmission, data clearly shows. Moving forward with a mandate will further alienate many Americans at a time when we should all be uniting. Leave the vaccine as a choice for parents to make. No mandates. Build back trust from the public - this is a good way to start. 
No vaccine for kids!!! No vaccine for anyone!!! And no mandates period!!! This country has freedom and we want to keep it that way!!
Based on data kids more likely to have adverse reactions to vaccines then by getting covid itself. Low hospitalization and death rate and if they get the vaccine they can still get it and spread it. So that is not helping others or themselves. This should be a parents choice. 
There is not near enough data to support giving this to children. Please do not approve this. What are the long term effects? Please do more in depth study before you approve this. 
I believe it’s an absolute & utter infringement on our rights & freedoms as human beings. I have 2 sons & we’ve all had Covid & survived! I am much more afraid of the experimental vaccine that has alterior motives. We will never comply!
The drug or vaccine has not been fully evaluated! Informed consent is essential!
It's unethical, unconstitutional, immoral and a violation of the Hippocratic oath -- "first, do no harm" -- to consider injecting millions of very young children with an experimental drug which has been clearly shown to have a very poor safety and effectiveness record. I implore the FDA NOT to allow the use of the Covid vaccines in children of any age.
It is our constitutional right to not allow our children to get a vaccine that has not been fully tested. 
I firmly oppose the approval of this vaccine for children. Doing so would be grossly negligent. Please do not let children become victims of an experiment. 
Please do not mandate Covid vaccines for kids ages 5-12, Their risk is very low and there has not been enough time to know the long term effects of the vaccine.
Our children are the last hope we have in beating this disease. They have the most robust immunity. To compromise there natural immunity with a vaccine will be a grave mistake. Please do not mandate this vaccine on our chuldren.
I oppose vaccination mandates for Covid in children. While this is a new vaccine it must remain a choice for parents to make. Although it’s rare these vaccines do hold a very real risk of injury - that no one is held accountable for. Where there is risk, must be choice. 
Absolutely NO experimenting on our children with no valid studies on what the possible side effects will be and ALL chemical drugs have side effects. Even if the percentages of negative side effects are very low, do YOU want you child to be the one in one million to have very terrible side effects? NO NO NO
Please do not even consider giving covid vaccinations to kids. They have almost a 100% survival rate if they catch the virus. There is no reason they should receive vaccination against it.
If we lost our right to choose we lost everything that’s the place where you want your family to live
I do not agree with any government mandated vaccine regardless of age
This should not be approved for children. They are at very low risk of covid complications. The risks far outweigh the benefits. There has not even been enough testing. This is completely unethical.
No one should be able to dictate what we as parents put inside our kids bodies. As this vaccine has not been out long enough to know exactly what side effects will we have from them 2-5 years from now. So I am opposed 100% to this mandate for children who have no say.
Please no vaccination for children as they are not at risk categorie if they get any tipe of associated covid 19 symptoms
You should not approve the Covid vaccine for children, who are at almost zero risk from covid. The vaccine may well prove quite dangerous to children. No brainer. Do the right thing.
“COVID is a threat to children. But it’s not an extraordinary threat,” Dr. Alasdair Munro, a pediatric infectious-disease specialist at the University of Southampton, said in a tweet. “It’s very ordinary. In general, the risks from being infected are similar to the other respiratory viruses you probably don’t think much about.”
Children are still developing and we have no idea long term repercussions of the vaccines. You are ultimately using children as guinea pigs and hoping nothing negative happens in the long run. It’s not acceptable. I’m the parent, it’s my right to choose if I want something for my child or not. 
I do not wish to vaccinate my children and risks of Covid-19 shot are higher than the virus itself for that group of age. Making the vaccine available and optional for parents who wish to have it administered to their children would be acceptable - making it mandatory wouldn't be. 
The choice for whether a child has the C-19 vaccine should remain with the parents. I implore you to not mandate Covid vaccines for children - the side effects are numerous and the long-term effects are unknown vs the survivability rate of C-19. Instead, maybe we can add healthy food in schools, bolster the immune system, etc. Please do the right thing! Thank you.
We must protect our future generations and this is NOT the way to do it. We have no idea the long term impact this will have on children. Children are the least impacted and should not be included any authorization. MY child MY choice! 
Kids from 5 to 11 are almost immune from dying from the Covid 19 virus. Let's follow the science and stop this foolishness of vaccinating our young children. If parents want to do that then let them have the option to do it. 
Please do not force our children under 12 to be vaccinated. It is too soon and there have already been children 12 and older affected. In healthcare the oath states, “Do no harm” Plrase do not harm our youth
I disapprove of giving young children the coved vaccine. Young children don't get very sick with coved.They very often react to the vaccin with lasting injuries
The VERY LAST THING we need in the USA is vaccinating 5-11 year olds against Covid. DO WHAT IS RIGHT! Stop this madness! 
Our children should not be mandated to take a vaccine that has no data on future harm it could impose on them. Kids i. This age range have such a miniscule risk of severe harm from covid. 
I am opposed to the covid19 vaccines in children. The vaccine is not a guarantee that they will not get covid and they already generally have mild symptoms if they do get covid. I am not subjecting my child to a vaccine that will need a booster every 6 months or so and that has not been given adequate time for proper testing. My child, my choice. 
The government does not have a say in how we raise our children. Do not mandate something that has not been effectively proven especially with still having mask mandates vaccine or not. 
Our children 5-11will have more deaths and long lasting effects from this mRNA shot than any COVID infection would ever cause. Please stop the pharmaceutical industry from harming our children.
Please do not mandate the Covid 19 vaccine for all children. We have closely held religious beliefs that preclude us from the ability to allow our children to reveive this vaccine.
Injecting children with EXPERIMENTAL drugs us Child ABUSE. There ZERO long term efficacy and safety trials. This is a dispicable and immoral decision. Stop your reckless and harmful actions immediatly.
The health risks from the Covid vaccine are greater in children then the risk from the virus. This vaccine is experimental and we do not know the long term health effects. There are now clinical trials that prove HCQ and Ivermectin are effective against the virus. Emergency use of the vaccine is no longer valid.
This has not yet been extensively tested and is not neccesary given the mortality rate in this population. This is for the 5-12 year old covid vaccination rollout 
I am against mandating any COVID vaccines or biological products for children. These products have no long term safety studies on adults, let alone children. In addition, studies have shown that children are not majorly affected by the virus, nor are they major spreaders of it. Mandating this vaccine is an assault on our children.
Covid is NOT been PROVEN a threat nor an emergency for children. No Approval on vaccines for children without 10 years of data 
You are already guilty of murdering children by allowing them to be injected down to age 12 with these bioweapons. There will be even less forgiveness if you approve injecting 5 year olds. Disapprove the entire experiment now or face the consequences from We The People via Nuremburg trials.
There should not be any injections or drugs forced on any child for any reason. That would be tyranny. Where is our democracy and freedom? The covid jab is proven not to prevent infection or spreading. The children have the best immunity already and should not be coerced into taking an injection that will cause many adverse side effects.
Do not make laws to experiment on our childrenAllow our God given American government to right to freedom of choice. Not tyranny 
I absolutely do not agree with the mandates or vaccinating children under the age of 19. They have their own immunity and are not a threat to the spread of Covid-19. Enough is enough!!
I do NOT support the vaccine for children. The vaccine should be mandated for anyone. 
As you know the COVID 19 vaccines have numerous adverse effects and we have no business recommending them to children since children have a 99.99% survival rate and they don’t spread it. We demand you stop the recommendation!
Please do not make it mandatory for children to get the vaccine. They are not at risk. This is unnecessary. Please also consider the discussion of natural immunity for those who have recovered from Covid as an alternative to the vaccine. 
Do not put this out for children. The test group is not large enough to say it is safe.
Hastily mandating a pediatric vaccine which has zero long term safety data, for an illness that statistically speaking, does not affect children, (nor prevent transmission or infection), is shortsighted and dangerous. 
Please do not mandate or require kids ages 5-17 to have a Covid vaccination. Our kids immune systems have fought Covid just fine and do not need it. It should be a parental choice not the governments.
Please consider declining approval for any covid-19 vaccine for children. Children are not at serious risk and have over a 99% recovery rate. Let children develop their natural immunities.
I do not support this whole topic for any age nor do I support our current dumbass government! My body my choice!
It is not the FDA's responsibility to decided if an experimental vaccine should be required for a child ages 5-11. It is the parent's responsibility ONLY. This overreach is beyond the FDA jurisdiction. 
No to vaccine mandates! I stand for personal choice and medical freedom. Kids are not at high risk and this shouldn’t be mandated for a new vaccine with no long term studies
I do not support vaccine mandates, and especially do not support vaccine mandates for children. There is not enough long term studies on the vaccines effects and since covid does not attack young children the same as older populations it would be irresponsible to potentially expose them to long term health problems. 
Please consider not approving the Covid vaccine for children 5-11, we have seen the vaccine not work for adults and the side affects for young children are worst than actual Covid. 
I am a Democrat voter and I am against this!! I will vote against any Democrat that allows this.
Absolutely no mandatory vaccination for children!!! 
I is unAmerican to force vaccines of an unapproved vaccine on our children. They are our most precious gifts from God and must be extended every protection; and that protection belongs to each child's parents. Children are NOT at a great risk of contracting COVID; when they do, there are therapeutics for treatment.
I stand against mandatory vaccines whether they be for adults or children. My body my choice. 
I am not comfortable with my child receiving an experimental vaccine. If this vaccine becomes mandatory to attend public school, I as a teacher will quit my job and homeschool my child. Mandating the vaccine for students would divide the public school system. 
Giving children a COVID-19 vaccine should be decided by the parent or guardian. Not the government. I’m vaccinated but I don’t want my 6yr old to be. 
I strongly disagree with Covid 19 Vaccine for children. Science does not support the need for this. Mandatory vaccine is against medical freedom, and personal choice. Science shows that children are not at high risk for Covid 19. Should not be required! This is tyranny overreach. 
Please do not mandate vaccines for children. This should be optional and up to the parents to choose what they feel is best for their children.
totally against any "vaccine" jab this is an experiment not for children WITHOUT parents consent, actually no one should be subject to any man made injection without their consent, or to be forced or THREATHENED, to take a jab that is NOT even fda approved!! so I stand shoulder to shoulder with every parent/human to protect the innocent (children) any age against any forced jab!!!
Children are at almost no risk from COVID-19 and there are true and recognized side effects to this vaccine. Children 5-11 do not need this "protection" which does not stop transmission. 
Young children are the least affected by COVID-19 per the science. Do not vaccinate our young people are babies it is the most inhumane, irresponsible thing that our government or any world or scientific concern or medical concern could do to the population of our world and especially of this in this country
NO MASKS, NO FORCED VACCINATION, FREEDOM OF CHOICE, LEAVE OUR CHILDREN ALONE!!!
This vaccine “type” has shown to have a high number of serious effects in older recipients.especially young men. I WILL NOT ALLOW MY SON TO HAVE IT. gather age group does not seem to have serious numbers of hospitalizations should they get a virus and their recovery is quite good.
Please do not mandate this shot for young people, please follow the Constitution and do not violate our individual rights.
This topic should be a no-brainer decision against injecting our children. C19 is curable with the correct treatment. Not only are injections unnecessary, they are potentially harmful. If the inexpensive and effective remedies are not used, then there is clearly a nefarious agenda at work here. These C19 injections as a whole need to be halted.
This has no long term studies and the long term effect on children could harm them for years to come. This age bracket has shown to have the most durable immunity vs covid. These should not be approved due to the unknown long term issues that could arise as well as the side effects of the initial injection.
Our town just buried a 14 year old boy whose coroner report states no reason for death but the second Pfizer shot 48 hours prior. Enough is enough. The government told us in March of 2020, this virus does not affect the young. Leave them be now. Protect our young from the side effects of this untested vaccine. Or his blood will be on your hands.
I am opposed to enacting action related to Document IDFDA-2021-N-1088-0001
Absolutely not! Please listen to the experts that discuss how children are the buffers and they are not at risk of dying from covid. It is absolutely the wrong move to vaccinate them! These vaccines are causing the variants. Please stop these vaccines!
Please do not vaccinate our children They have a natural immunity and this shot is dangerous
Please help us avoid what could be a deadly decision for our children! This vaccine needs more time to be studied! Don’t make us parents make the hard choices to pull our kids out of school.
I will not have my child get vaccinated until I know what’s in it and the negative impact. This is not a childhood disease. I will not be bullied by this government. Less than 1% children are negatively impacted to COVID. Stop theMadness. Unacceptable!!! 
I strongly oppose approval of vaccines for children. All data has shown that children have a natural immunity to the Covid-19 virus, with total deaths in the US less than 600, and most of those due to comorbidities.
99 % of all children in this age group are not in danger from covid. There is no reason to subject them to the vaccine that is more dangerous than the virus
I disagree with forcing children to participate in experimental drug trials.
We will not support a vaccine mandate for children. This is genocide! There is no science backing this! You will go down in history as evil liars who’ve maimed, sterilized and killed many because of this so-called vaccine. 
PLEASE do NOT mandate the COVID-19 vaccination to anyone but especially our most vulnerable children. There have been too many terrible side effects and deaths caused by this experimental drug and these little ones cannot decide for themselves if they want to take the chance of being permanently damaged by them. PLEASE open your heart and stop this mandate from happening.
This needs to stop. Children do not need to be experimental on with this vaccine. kids are not dying from Covid. Most do not even get sick.
It is unconstitutional to be mandating a vaccine that is still under emergency usage only. Biotech has not been approved in USA, so this shouldn’t even be an option. It violates all human rights and as a citizen of this company, we should have the right to tell you how unjust mandating a vaccine is. 
I strongly oppose the mandating of any covid vaccine in children if any age. Children are minimally effected by covid and the likelihood that they are hospitalized by covid is also very small. The risks to children and adolescents from the vaccine are greater than the risks of acquiring covid. 
No mandates on vaccine. America is a free country and this vaccine is worthless. Terrible side affects and many still are getting Covid and die anyway. We believe in choice. 
It is absolutely astonishing that there is even this consideration to vaccinate young children. They have near zero risk passing or being injured from COVID-19. They have however high chances from injuries related to vaccines.Please oppose this insane idea of forced vaccines for anyone but especially children.
Do not mandate vaccines, uphold our right of freedom of choice
Young children should not be vaccinated against Covid-19. There needs to be more long term study done, access to study information, and through adverse reaction/ side effect fact sheets detailing all details provided prior to vaccine consideration. 
Can you show me the 36 month safety data? No. You can’t because it does not exist and your approval is fake. I will pull my kids From School and so will millions of other parents. This is NOT happening. Pull your head out of your ass. 
DO NOT PUT UNTESTED VACCINE INTO ANY CHILD!!!!!!!! This is dangerous!!!!!
No vaccinations for children. Furthermore, vaccinations of any kind is a choice. Unconstitutional to vote or be in favor of mandatory vaccinations. 
I don’t think children should be considered in this covid treatment based on the studies STILL coming forth on the vaccination, the number of deaths in the tens of thousands within days of receiving the shot, and the number of cases of myocarditis in teens and young persons who have already received the shot. Children should not be an experiment and many already have natural immunity. 
Something pretty suspicious is happening with the comments. There has been no change in the total for several days. Could it be because thousands are unanimously calling out the poison injections for what they are? They are completely useless and extremely dangerous for healthy children, and anyone who votes for them or authorizes them will burn in Hell. 
There is no need to approve the experimental vaccine for children. Children are not at a significant risk of dying from Covid 19. Children have a much greater risk of dying in a car accident or drowning, not Covid 19. Do not approve the use of experiments on children. 
I oppose the Covid-19 vaccine for all children. We should not make our children test subjects! 
AComprehensive enough Study has. Not been done. Stop giving children unnecessary potentially harmful vaccines. Thank you
Why would we ask the youngest in our society to take an unknown degree of risk to SUPPOSEDLY help ensure that the oldest in society can decrease their risk. 
Please do not mandate the COVID-19 vaccination to our children. This is not some thing that should be done at this time since it’s experimental and I know of people that have died after the vaccination was given to them please do not give this to my children or any children.
Children should NEVER be part of an experiment. You are going to HARM the next generation before they’ve even grown. Or is that the agenda??????? THINK of your grandchildren and the next generation. Don’t think of yourself and the money in your pocket you are making. I implore you!!!
I am not ok with vaccine mandates period. Americans should have a choice.
The COVID vaccines should not ever be mandated for children. They are way less affected by COVID than adults, but are at risk of harm from the vaccines. Studies are showing that children are 4-6 times more likely to develop myocarditis than to be hospitalized for COVID and that they are 30 times more likely to die from the vaccines than from COVID. 
No mandatory vaccines! People who are vaccinated are STILL getting sick and STILL SPREADING COVID! There have not been long term studies of the risks of the vaccine and we do not know for sure if it is safe! As a parent, I know what is best for them, not the government 
The suggestion of vaccinating children 5-12 is absolutely criminal. The young developing body needs all its strength and has great immunity as we have seen so clearly with covid. I have worked with children if this age group for 28 years and am in total opposition to this invasion of body sovereignty. 
I am absolutely against mandating vax for anyone especially 5-11 year olds. This has GOT TO STOP. Please for the love, do not do this to our children. 
As a mother, medical provider, business owner and citizen of the United States I do not support vaccinating or mandating vaccines for children, especially 12 and under. This is not the answer.
I oppose to vaccines given to kids, teens, any of the age 18 or younger as the corona virus is such a low risk to children or teens.
We look forward to safe and effective Covid-19 vaccines being available for our children. Vaccines keep us all healthy and help our children have more days of learning in school. Thank you!
Please say no to this!! I do not feel this is necessary for this age group!! They are not the vulnerable ones. My children are a gift from God! I will not allow them to have a vaccine with no long term effects known. This is illegal and unethical. Stop this nonsense 
I personally know many people with horrible adverse reactions to the C19 vaccine. I have also spoken to several doctors in San Diego that have many young patients with myocarditis as well as severe leg pains. The vaccine is not suitable or appropriate for children and should not be approved. If you truly care about children, you will not approve this. 
Children have natural immune systems that are extremely high and do not need the Covid vaccine. These vaccines have not been tested for safety. Thousands of side-effects have been reported. Why would we want to submit our children to a vaccine that has not been tested and has left many, dead. 
This is absolutely wrong, there is not enough evidence on this drug to put in a child to show that it wll protect them.And may cause side effects which could lead to death or life changing abnormalities that would effect them for the rest of there life's.
Children of the age category in question have a 99.997% survival rate of covid . The risk to benefit of this mRNA gene therapy vaccine is a greater risk to the individual than it is a benefit. Please do not approve for this age category.
I am totally against the mandate on getting the covid shot for all school age kids K- collage!. My 3 kids are in college at University of Cincinnati. They all have gotten Covid and have been exposed to covid sick people all year. Now they want all the kids to get a "vaccine" and i feel very angry about that seeing they have natural immunity now. 
No mandatory vaccines or injections for children ever. 
PLEASE... NO on approving COVID shot for children ages 5 -12. Look at the real data that says children have 99.999% recovery if they unfortunately get COVID. They naturally have high glutathione levels. Please look at the VAERS - at least 16,000 people have died within 3 days of getting the COVID shot and almost 800,000 adverse reactions. Stop this irrational COVID vaccine mandate.
Sirs, do to the fact that Covid is low morbity , children don’t seem to get it and these vaccinations don’t stop anyone from getting it, I don’t think children 5-11 need to be given this. It’s still an emergency vax. Snd not approved. There’s still to many side affects to risk them. 
Do not inject children with this mRNA vaccination. It is still experimental and has no long term studies. The short term results on adults and young adults is not acceptable. Please stop harming innocent children. 
This is against our rights as parents. To enforce anything upon someone else’s child is unethical, especially when there are no longitudinal studies. 
These vaccines have NOT had any testing and therefore are not safe for our kids!!I truly believe if you go after the kids ALMIGHTY GOD shall reign down HELL FIRE on any and all you!!!!Not to mention what length the parents will go to to keep their child(ren) safe!!!!!
All parents should be in total control over decisions concerning medications, vaccinations & the education of their individual children. No government mandates concerning our own children is acceptable at all
This vaccine is killing people or causing many injuries that is being hidden from the public! It causes heart problems in children! Why are we vaccinating our children when is survival rate is 99.7% curable. It’s not even affecting our children to begin with. We have a corrupt government. This needs to stop. My friend had a heart attack immediately after taking the vaccine. 
As children are not the primary vector in this illness, there is no reason to subject them to these vaccines. We have no idea of the long term effects of these shots, including if it will impair fertility or cause cancer. The risk to children is too great to gamble with their health. Please do not approve theses vaccines for children. 
With a huge survival rate for children, why are you wanting to inject them with a vaccine, that according to the VAERS website, are causing sicknesses and death. Please stop this madness!!! Please!
I disagree with mandating children for this shot. This is not a childhood disease and we do not have enough data of long term effects. We day “follow the science” and “look at the data”. If we truly did that, it would be clear this isn’t necessary for CHILDREN!!As s mother and a teacher of 20 years I BEG you to stop this ridiculous mandate!!
Health procedures should not be mandated. It is against the law. 
This shot has not gone through adequate testing and we are not sure of the long term effects of this drug. The risk of side effect is a higher percentage than the child's risk of any effects from getting the virus. Please do not authorize for emergency use.
I strongly disagree with this drug being mandated for anybody of any age. This is not Nazi country human drug induced experiment! This is a HUGE freedom vampire attack on everyone!! End the lies
It is unconscionable for you to make COVID-19 vaccines mandatory for children. They have such a small risk for Covid, and your vaccinations aren’t even finished with proper testing. Parents should make medical decisions for their children after speaking with their personal doctor not Joe Biden, Dr. Fauci, or anyone at the FDA.
No way should this be mandatory for children especially with the side effects it has on the heart. No long term studies, very very very mortality rate among children for covid 19. Absolutely no need for on young kids. 
Please stop the push to vaccinate children 5 to 12 years old. Stop making pediatricians give it and stop the vaccine clinics at schools without parental permission. Parents are the ones responsible in every way for their children not the government. STOP the evil push to our children.
Please leave children and injections to the parents choice! 
I am opposed to approving these vaccines for 5-12 year olds. They have very little risk from the disease. The long term effects of these vaccines cannot be known at this time. Also, the number of reports in VAERS is way too high. The possible risk is much greater than any reward. 
With an over 99.9% survival rate from covid in youth-there is absolutely no reason to assume the risk of a vaccine for our youth! It must NOT be approved until further LONG-TERM safety data can be obtained.
Not enough data to feel safe. WHO doesn’t recommend for children and children are not experiencing life threatening symptoms why vaccinate. I will not be getting this vaccine for myself or my children for many years. 
I do not believe shots should be given to children or anyone of any age.
Do not authorize injections for children. Children have a 0.0007% chance of dying from this virus. That risk does not constitute children needing this injection whatsoever. It is a gross overreach to even consider this to be necessary for children.
I strongly oppose mandatory vaccines for something that 1) won’t be eradicated and 2) can STILL be caught and spread despite vaccination. Vaccination only protects the individual. 
Please do not recommend the mandating of vaccines for children 5-12. They are at very little risk of suffering terrible effects from COVID and not enough research has been done to see how safe these vaccines are for children in that age group.
Kids don’t need a shot with a high survival rate. This is to new and we can’t risk our children with this. 
I am opposed to approving the vaccine use on children without long term studies. Children are at a very low risk due to COVID-19. Vaccine is not necessary
Fatality rate for children under 18 is below 1%. WAY BELOW 1%! LEAVE THE KIDS ALONE! Please oppose the vax for 5-11!! 
PLEASE do not pass this covid shot mandate any further down the line!!! Mandating it in the first place is anti-science and anti-American. To call this unnecessary would be a massive understatement. You need to seriously reconsider your intentions to continue forcing this thing. 
If the vaccines are effective, the vaccinated are not at risk. If the vaccines are ineffective, there is no need for this mandate. Children are more likely to die or have complications from getting this vaccine than they are from getting Covid. Stop this mandate and leave our children out of this. 
Every person deserves to have the right to choose what is best for their body. While children are under the care of their parents, the parents have to choose. Hopefully they will make the choice that is right for their child.
It is not okay for the government to have this control over us. Especially the children. America is NOT FREE. 
As a teacher of 25 years, I can tell you that herd immunity works. Our children should not be subjected to experimental medicines of any kind, especially the junk that is in these so called vaccines! The science proves herd immunity works, especially for our kids!
No to vaccine for all! Natural immunity is best. Do not weaken those who have strong natural immunity, and no to vaccines for children developing their immune system!
 Please don't mandate the vaccine for children. There is not enough data out and it is not safe. I don't care what you think it is not right. I don't think it should be a mandate for anyone let alone kids. I want more data on the long term effects of the vaccine before I even consider giving it to myself let alone my kids!!
Please do not mandate for children. Follow facts! Vaccines have not been tested to assure of no long term affects. Children have minuscule chance of death or long term side effects of COVID.
You cannot mandate the Covid-19 vaccine for young children. This goes against everything our country stands for.
The government does not decide what I put in my or my children’s body!
Hello..please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children. Thank you
I am opposed to COVID 19 vaccine mandates for children it is totally unnecessary 
NO to the approval of mandated child vaccinations!
They are our future and our most precious natural resource. Do NOT take chances with our children. There MUST be long (multiple years) safety studies done before ANY vaccine or medication for children should be approve for such young children.
Children are at extremely low risk of injury from this virus. They are many times more likely to be injured by Covid vaccines adverse reactions. Please do not mandate vaccines for this age group
The government has no power in what shot my kids get. This is killing people and we all know that. STAND UP AND SAY NO!
I am opposed to a mandated vaccine for children. This vaccine has not be proven to eradicated this disease as other vaccines have been proven to with other disease such as polio. As we do not know the long term affects of this vaccine, I can not and will not make the decision for my children to introduce a experimental substance into their little bodies.
There have been thousands of serious adverse events of heart problems for children 12-15 that were vaccinated and they were not mild symptoms, their parents have incurred horrible debt for hospital bills and their children will likely suffer the rest of their lives and never be normal again.
Please do not recommend Covid vaccinations for children ages 5-13. The rate at which children become ill or die is so low that administration of the experimental vaccination is not necessary. The side effects are not well known and children should not be forced to take a vaccination for a disease for which they can develop natural immunity.
I say no mandatory covid vaccines for children. There has not been enough research or time to know long range reaction or detrimental effects on their health. No, no, no!
Children should not be getting this shot, this is horrible and people will be held accountable in the end.
Do not mandate this vaccine for children. It is unnecessary. They are not in the high risk group. We don’t know the long term effects of these vaccines and it is should be decision made by the parents much like a flu shot. 
There is no way that you can in any way claim that these so called "vaccines" are safe, let alone even needed for children under 12. No amount of coercion or lies the government feeds us will allow them to inject this into my children.. And if they try to then they will have one hell of a fight on their hands with all of the parents...Not going to happen! 
Too many children have already had adverse affects of the shots. Healthy children do not need them.
I am a parent of a 6 year old boy. Please do not approve a vaccine that is not safe and kills people. I will not vaccinate my son with a something that has no long term data to back it up. Other vaccines took years and years to develop, get approved and get mandated. Do what is right for everyone and do not approve this harmful so called vaccine. I wont inject my son. Ever 
I do not believe the Covid-19 vaccine should be mandated for children. The percentage of death or hospitalization among children was negligible, and it is by understanding persons having received the vaccine MAY still spread to others, it’s for personal protection only. Due to the almost perfect recovery rate of Covid-19 in children, mandating the vaccine for them is not necessary. 
Enough is enough. You know these vaccines are dangerous. Stand up for the innocent people that are dying
Children 5-11 have virtually no risk associated to Covid and over 99.99% rate of survival. The risks do know outweigh the benefits and thus, children should not be required to receive the Covid vaccine. 
How in good conscience can you be mandating vaccines and scaring other parents into putting things into kids bodies that you have no long term studies on. Plus our kids have barely a chance of dying from Covid. While there has been known complications and even death after some adults taking vaccines.
These are our children not Guinea pigs. This has to stop.
Covid-19 vaccinations have not been tested for a sufficient amount of time to be administered to the young children of Canada. Youngsters are of essentially no risk of Covid, yet we are willing to consider giving them a vaccine that may cause harm?! Above all else we should be concerned about protecting children from any possible harm. 
Our children should not be experimented on this way. The risks for adverse vaccine reactions far out way the perceived benefits. Children are not affected by Covid. This experimental vaccines should not be approved 
I oppose the authorization of the Covid vaccine for children 5+. Do not approve, we the people do not consent.
I do not support mandating this vaccine for any age group, let alone children. No. Just no. 
I do NOT agree with our children be given this vaccine. 
NO Mandatory vaccines on any children. Parents are in charge of their children NOT the government!
I oppose the covid vaccine on CHILDREN. Not enough time to tell what the long term effects of the vaccine will be. And it's not disease-preventing, therefore it's not necessary for children. 
Like every other vaccine required for school, can we please give this some years to collect more data on long term effects before we mandate it? NO previous vaccine has ever been required for schools immediately following its release date. What makes this one so different?
I will not allow my children to be vaccinated for COVID.
Children are at extremely low risk of dying from Covid. Their risk of injury, and in some cases death, from vaccines is actually higher than their risk of death from Covid. Why would you even consider vaccinating children?
Adverse reactions for 12-19 year olds has been far to great to even consider implement injections for 5 to 11 year olds. Harm far outweighs benefits. Leave the kids alone. 
Mandating vaccination for children under 18 and in particular those 5-11 is a crime against the neuremberg code. This is not a proven immunization and will kill or injure more children than would be injured by the virus 
These are our children, not the governments. Covid 19 is not a threat to our healthy, developing children. This is a parental choice, not a government. Hands off our children!
children have natural immunity and they don’t need this dangerous vaccination! They do not get sick enough from covid to take a vaccination that isn't fully trialed as safe
Do not Approve The vaccine for 5-11 year old.It's absolutely unnecessary to give A child this young that has 99.999% recovery rate
ABSOLUTELY NOT this has to stop. It’s just not right. 
This is about control and further oppression, not health. These "vaccines" damage natural immunity in healthy non-covid prone kids to replace with side effects!
It is irresponsible given the lack of data and acknowledged data that this age group is virtually no risk to approve this drug for children. 
I oppose and think our government must protect us and have our rights as parents to hold this major decision for our children. We should not be forced. That is pure communist We are suppose to be the land of free. What happened to that ?
Do not force children to take a dangerous vaccine for a sickness that is nearly nonexistent in that age range and is easily treatable with other medications.
Forced vaccinations are never a good thing. Children are generally unaffected by the virus and their parents should have a choice whether to vaccinate 
and not at all about public health. Injecting 5-12 year old children with a covid 'vaccine' is wrong from any angle or analysis, not the least of which is kids are at no risk from covid, and therefore all the risk is assumed by the injection. You know this agenda is wrong, many may say evil. But don't worry, your actions will bring no consequences to your entitled group posing as 'scientists.'
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults. Given the seriousness of the adverse events that have happened in teens, this should be a red flag and should not proceed by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies. 
No Covid vaccine for children. Where are your safety trials? What is the purpose of a Covid vaccine for children? Do you have data that show overwhelmingly that a vaccine is necessary for children and very little harm from vaccines? No you don’t! Do No Harm! Children survive this virus and develop antibodies.
The vaccine should NOT be mandated for ages 5-11!!!!!! Kids are not affected by covid and this is all CONTROL!!! STOP STOP STOP!!!!!!!!!
I am asking that you not allow young children to vaccinated. They do not struggle when they get covid19 and there is evidence in the olde children that you can have serious heart side effects.
I am against vaccines for children due to the lack of any research on the long term side on children and young adults.
This is absolute madness. No child should be exposed to Covid “vaccinations.” They are not at risk! Stop the Medical Marxism!
Do not authorize this injection for children. .0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUNDS for approval. 
This vaccine killed my husband. I beg the mandate to not go through. Instead the people dying and being injured should be investigated. I beg!!!!! 
Do not approve this emergency use authorization. We will not stand for it. You know very well this is absolutely unnecessary for children, who neither suffer acute symptoms of COVID 19 nor transmit it as easily as adults. Our children are not your lab rats. 
This vaccine is absolutely devastating and should NOT be recommended for anyone, especially children. 
I am a mother and a nurse of 21 years and I strongly Oppose the use of any COVID-19 vaccination mandate for children. Parents should have a right to control what goes into their child’s body NOT THE GOVERNMENT 
Children should not be given or required to take experimental drugs especially for a virus with such high survival rate.
NO TO COVID VACCINES FOR KIDS 5 - 11 YEARS OLD! It’s not necessary and the science has proven this. STOP the insanity and leave our children alone !!
I oppose to the approval of the vaccine for children 5-11 years old. It is a fact that theres increased risk of heart problems on younger people when taking the vaccine. The survival rate for covid for Children is 99.9997% !!!!!! The vaccine's efficacy is 90% at best, it is useless! Please do not put the blood of our children on your hands. May God help us!
I’m not an “anti-vaxxer” and I’m glad there is a vivid shot available for people who want it. That being said, no one, especially children, should be required to inject something in their body that they don’t want. 
According to Canadian Law, a minor cannot Vote until he/she is 18 years of age. Therefore any person under 18 years is considered a minor. Minors cannot and should not be responsible to make an informed decision regarding any Vaccination program. Those decisions must lie solely on the Parents/Guardians of the minor.
It’s not your job to regulate health. It’s the parents job. The schools job is to teach reading/writing/and arithmetic. Keep playing with parents, and you won’t even see what’s coming. 
No mandates for children ages 5-11. Everyone should be allowed a choice. The chance of them getting covid is less than 2%. There should not be a mandate on vaccination. 
Each parent should decide for their family and their children about getting COVID vaccinations. It is not the government or schools place to dictate medical care. I have grandchildren in this age group, it is their parents who decide this.
Criminal to give these shots to children with minimum risk from the illness but potentially high risk of injury from the shot
Please do not do this to children! I am from Belarus , we do not do vaccines to kids. USA shows the example for all countries to follow. You do not know how it will influence their reproductive system. There are so many proofs that they can be harmful. 
Please consider doing more research and studies before approving this vaccine for school age children. We want safe and highly effective vaccines available for all.
We are absolutely opposed to vaccines being required for any person, and especially children. This is in flagrant opposition to our rights to life and to determine what is done to our bodies, guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. If you pursue this egregious and unlawful action, you will be held accountable by We the People.
Children who have the lowest rates of death and hospitalization should not be given this vaccine. This is just ultimate greed from the pharmaceutical industry 
Do not be afraid of the US health establishment and be pressured into approving this EUA for children. Please evaluate the data and evalute the risk of disease vs vaccine side effects for young kids before making your recommendation
Should be between the parents and the Pediatrician that care for their children. 
This is not about health. If it was, you would work hard to ban ingredients like red 40, high fructose corn syrup etc. Stop pretending you care. Leave vaccinations as optional to parents. You have no right to become a “parent” to our children and tell them what they should do to their bodies. Children who get covid recover extremely well. We’re saying no.
Please do not take away our choice as a parent to do what is best for my children. My children benefit from going to a school with friends and amazing children please do not force them to be home schooled. I will not give my children this vaccine it has caused my mom severe health problems. 
I think long term studies would be wise before we begin injecting our youngest and most vulnerable. At the very least the vx manufacturers and those mandating vx should be held liable should injury occur.
Do not mandate the COVID-19 vaccine. Healthcare is not a one size fits all. It has already been established that you can still get and transmit the virus after being fully vaccinated. Therefore mandating it at schools makes zero sense. 
No one knows a child or loves a child as much as their parents do. I firmly believe that it is their right and duty to research then decide what medical procedures are best for their child. If this is approved, then soon it will be mandated like the masks are. This is still an experiment. Please vote no.
Absolutely against COVID vaccines for children. They have a high survival rate. This Gene therapy has not been through enough safety testing and no where near enough for children. Do not harm our children!!
As an American I oppose this mandate on my child. She has had Covid this year and did just fine not even a fever. It’s a NO for me. Thank you 
Do NOT approve this vaccine for children! They have less than a 1 percent chance of dying from covid. It has been proven to give heart defects. Is there anyone out there with a conscience to fight for our kids?
How do you begin to approve such a biologic when there are known injuries to the children in the trials? When does this stop? How many have to be maimed for life? This is not necessary for children they recover from the said virus. How many more do you need to add to the list of 70 plus already? 
In God's name, please don't poison our children with this experimental vaccine. They don't NEED it! Transmission rates are very low at school, and about 1 in 10,000 die, if infected. I fear more harm than good will be done by vaccinating them. My Dad always told me "Son, if it ain't broke, don't fix it!"...sound advice, indeed.
Children are the least affected by the covid virus. They recover well if they do get the virus and most don’t show any symptoms. It’s completely unnecessary to force this vaccine on any human being, but most definitely on our children. We need to stop this unethical and unconstitutional use of force for a virus that children aren't being affect by.
Highly oppose the mandate for Vaccine for children. The pros are not worth the cons. I will be taking my kids out of school and maybe out of the state is this goes into affect. These children are not being affected and should not be used as shields. 
It should be a persons choice whether they want to receive the covid vaccine and a parents choice for children. There should not be a mandate for a vaccination for a virus that has only been around for a few years. Let people exercise their freedom of choice.
The risk of this vaccine to children doesn’t outweigh the benefit to them. Too many unknowns short term and long term. Kids are not significantly impacted by COVID if they get it. It doesn’t make sense. Risk way too high with inflamed heart issues and other issues not being reported. 
Kids are at low risk for covid and the vaccine can cause mycarditis. We should not expose are kids to this risk.Please do not mandate this.
Please don't take parents choice to decide for their children. Thank you
NO,NO,NO, I AM ONE HUNDRED PERCENT AGAINST THIS. I PRAY THAT EVERYONE WILL STAND UP AND FIGHT FOR ALL CHILDREN SO THAT THIS DOESN’T PASS. 
The possibility of developing myocarditis for children after receiving the COVID vaccine is 1 in 1000. The possibility of death from COVID for healthy children is a statiscal zero. Follow the science. This is completely unnecessary, and harmful. Shame on anyone even considering this.
I as an American citizen emphatically oppose Covid-19 vaccination in children 5-11 years of age. PLEASE oppose this for the good of America’s greatest natural resource...our children. Thank you for hopefully doing the right and best thing for our great nation!
Our children have virtually no risk of serious illness or death from covid 19. There is very little data on the short term side effects from the vaccine and no long term data! How can you justify the risk to the long term health of our children by exposing them to an experimental vaccine technology?
Mandating vaccinations of any kind is equivalent to rape and a violation of our basic human rights. We the people should have control over our body’s and Ford all health and safety issues for our children under the age 18. Stop pretending the only risk is not taking vaccinations. Vaccinations have their own risk, if they didn’t there wouldn’t be a need for VAERS. 
I am opposed to mandating the Covid19 vaccine for anyone, especially those under 18. I am vaccinated, let the parents decide or the person once they become of age. 
Parents should have the right to choose whether or not they vaccinate their children against COVID-19 , especially due to the high recovery rate. 
Please do NOT approve vaccines for children! It is unnecessary and CRUEL!!!!!!!!!!! I don't have time to write out all of the things wrong with even the consideration of vaccinating children and I highly doubt it would be read anyway. So I will just say again....DON'T APPROVE VACCINATIONS FOR OUR YOUNG CHILDREN!!!!! 
Please do not mandate the Corona vaccine to children. We still do not know the full impact of these new vaccines. We do know the severe side effects on young adults and in extreme cases, death. It should be a choice given to parents not forced!!
I do NOT support mandating the COVID vaccine for minors.
There’s not enough research to justify injecting our children to this experimental vaccine. Please do not approve this for children. 
I urge you to vote No on Pfizer’s EUA application for children ages 5 to 11. Pfizer has not demonstrated any health benefits for children and the potential harms are enormous. Thank you honoring your Hippocratic Oath and the Nuremberg Code by voting No.
Please consider the risks. Short term and long term. There has not been enough research for adults let alone children. The number of deaths and injuries from the vaccine is a very large number. No no no please.
In every other facet of Covid mandates and regulations, we are told to follow the science. We'll, the science says that children 5-11 are not at risk from severe sickness or death. Let's follow the science and not give our kids an untested vaccine. 
Why in the world would you allow or even consider this for young children when the reports are so horrific to begin with, additionally they are mostly not affected by this illness? Then there’s the what’s the long term of this new fangled potion. Why are they so anxious?So much unknown Is it irresponsible giving this to people with their whole lives ahead of them?
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current,available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOTI do NOT support administering COVID-19 vaccines to children,who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risksfrom the vaccines
I am writing in opposition to the proposed mandating of the Covid-19 vaccine for 5 - 12 year olds. This demographic is not at serious risk from the disease. Therefore, mandating the vaccine is not warranted.
Please do not give vaccines to our children. 16,000 people have died from the vaccines according to VAERS. Children are at great risk of injury and death. They have a strong immune response and don’t need the vaccine. 
Please do not recommend mandating the covid vaccine for children who do not need it. It is completely in unnecessary and possibly damaging. Thank you.
No mandates (vaccines or masks) for children! The recovery rate is insanely high. 
Leave the children alone. Crimes to humanity will not be tolerated
How in the world can we mandate putting chemicals into our children's bodies which are still developing the brain, neurons, muscles etc. We have NO idea the long term impact of this vaccine for either adults or children.
Do NOT approve any Covid vaccines for children. No matter what ludicrous propaganda is out there, ALL of these covid vaccinations are still experimental. The worst thing you could do is inject experimental medications into a developing child. That type of mentality is so dangerous and selfish and ultimately will do more harm than good.
I would like to state that I do not agree with the vaccination of children. They are of no risk of serious outcome. These gene therapies/mRNA shots are still in the experimental phrases until 2023 and testing 1000 does not make it safe. We need to be treating people early instead of pushing an experimental vaccine on the masses.This isn’t about our health this is about control and money.
Children do NOT need the COVID vaccine that has not been evaluated for long term complications or issues. No one know what will happen to these children after this shot. It is not evaluated for cancer causing ingredients. The children are not in the range of spreading covid. Stop trying to poison our kids.
The vaccine is more dangerous than catching the Covid. People are dying after the vaccine. These people do not need the vaccine.
I am NOT ok with mandatory vaccines for children. Children have shown to not be greatly affected by the virus. The discrimination and segregation between adults is bad enough. Do not push it on our children to. 
Not sure I agree with it 100%. We don't know what side effects it could or will have on their growth and development. 
You cannot hide from GOD. Stop killing and injuring people with your vaccine agenda. Don’t you dare harm the children. Shame on you. 
Why does this vaccine need to be mandatory? Does it prevent Covid? NO! Does it prevent the spread of Covid? NO! Does it stop the virus from mutating into a different form? NO!! Are there severe reactions and risks towards individuals who get the vaccine? YES!THIS IS NOT A DISCUSSION THAT NEEDS TO TAKE PLACE!!! There is no need for a mandatory vaccination in our children. 
Please don’t. Keep choice a choice. Our kids are the future. SAY NO
Please do the right thing. Do not take away a parents right to make decisions for their child. 
Please stop “Mandating” this injection on children and everyone! Leave the choice to us! You do not rule the American Citizens!!!
I do not co parent with the government or ANY 3 letter agency!The fact that you are all part of this disgusting agenda to attempt to control our lives, makes you even more of a joke.Mandating jabs for a cold with a 99% + SURVIVAL rate is not only ridiculous but will be considered crimes against humanity. I will NOT inject my children with your poison 
Forced vaccinations will not be tolerated. You can take your communism and shove it. They will not touch my family. 
I oppose to the the vaccine mandates for our children who are at the lowest risk of infection & death. We are the only caretakers who should have a say on what we inject our children especially with something experimental and has heart conditions as side effects. 
Children do not need to receive the injection for Covid 19. Children are at higher risk of injection injury than they are of SARS CoV2!!!! Health benefits must outweigh health risks!!!!! Do not move forward with this detrimental IDEA!
Children have a one in a million chance of dying from covid, but risk factors of experimental vaccine are serious and potentially fatal. Cardiac issues are permanent! Stop this madness and do not poison the children!
No mandates for adults and absolutely none for my children! 
I oppose mandating these vaccines, should be our choice, period!!
This is an experimental drug …. An enormous number of serious side effects as well as deaths have occurred from this experimental shot … DO THE SCIENCE… you are the ones responsible … children are not at risk… the long term effects aren’t even known …. Do what’s right and DO NOT buckle under political pressure … 
I am writing to urge the FDA to not approve COVID-19 vaccines for children 5-11. I cannot imagine that an agency would participate in mandating a medical procedure which has already killed over 15,000 people in the United States alone (according to VAERS.) That is a very low estimate. What have we come to?
Please consider stopping the mandate for children. Parents and families should have a choice of what to do with our children!
There is absolutely no ethically sound reason for vaccinating children now, especially with experimental vaccines.
Our children need to be vaccinated with absolutely safe vaccines! The current mRNA vaccines have too many risks of side effects. The Novavax vaccine which is being developed is protein based and not a new technology, this seems aSafer candidate to roll out to children! 
My children will not be getting the clot shot, as they are healthy and have good immune systems. They also probably have natural immunity since I gave them covid when I shed virus from the shot. 
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current,available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOTsupport administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children,who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risksfrom the vaccines.
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
I do Not believe you should be approving any vaccine for young children 0-18 until all trials are complete, which typically takes 3-5 years. Shame on all of you trying to kill our kids. This virus is not attacking kids. Stop these approvals and mandates. It’s unconstitutional. 
Your comment can be as simple as this: I am absolutely against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks. Anyone considering giving it a yes vote is clearly acting out of concerns that are not based on science.
Leave our children allow and let their natural God given immune system fight Covid!
This population is not at significant risk and there’s no data that vaccinating kids protects adults. This is never something that’s been done before.
NO MANDATORY VACCINES FOR CHILDREN!! THE MATH SHOWS THEY ARE NOT AT RISK OF DYING TO AN EXTENT WHERE THE VACCINE SHOULD BE MANDATORY!! WE NEED MORE TIME TO ASSESS THE RISKS!
Please do not mandate the vaccines. Look at the statistics. These vaccines are not safe. This mandate violates our freedom. 
According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, less than 2% of children known to be infected by the coronavirus are hospitalized, and less than 0.03% of those infected die.
Please do not inject children with the Covid 19 vaccines until there is high-quality, long-term safety data available and until a drug is developed that actually stops transmission of the virus. Do not experiment on our children!
I am opposed to any mandatory vaccine especially those for children ages 5-11!!!
I do not agree with mandating Covid vaccines for kids. They are not the highest risk population for Covid complications and should not be forced to take a vaccine that may have further complications down the road than we can see now. 
It is absolutely insane that our children need to be vaccinated for a virus! We do not live in a socialistic communistic country… YET! Let’s keep it that way and stop this insanity!!!!
Stop the mandates!!! I will be Pulling my children out of public school my boys ended up in the hospital with pneumonia and a respiratory infection a few weeks later after they started school but when they got Covid last year they got a fever for 1 day and was better the next day and my 2 year old that stays home was perfectly fine. How do you explain that.
Get fucked you repugnant creeps. These "vaccines" are a joke, stop being so corrupt and stop recommending them to anybody.
Why?They are the least affected..They become subject to VAERS numbers greater than risk of not having the vaccine.The vaccines have not been through trials yet.There is nothing to warrant Emergency Use.It will be found to be criminal .You become part of a group out to destroy the population of the US.NURENBERG TRIALS conclusions declared it would never happen again.
 It is not right to force anyone to get a COVID vaccine, especially children, who, as I understand, have a very low risk of problems from the actual disease. One of the risks of the vaccine is death, if there is a risk of death we must have a choice.
This mandate to vax children with an FDA UNAPPROVED VACCINE 675,000 negative reactions, over16,500 deaths of the vaccinated no long term studies, is absurd. DON'T DO THIS TO OUR CHILDREN 
Children do not die of covid!! My children have been exposed to covid multiple times yet have never even caught the virus!!! Vaccinating children who have close to 0% chance of being affected or dying from covid with experimental vaccines is a CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY AND CRIME AGAINST CHILDREN. PLEASE PROTECT OUR CHILDREN!!
The American people are not as dumb as our government thinks we are. We will not stand by and take this, especially with our children. If you wanna start a civil war then your well on your way. I see 100s of people a day at my business and have not heard one person agree with mandating ANY vaccine!! 
We hope and pray you do NOT mandate or approve the covid vaccination for children. 
PLEASE until safety studies are complete- THEY ARE NOT- we must not mandate this for our most vulnerable population. WHAT ARE YOU DOING???? Please please please these children have more than a 98% survival rate and majority barely have symptoms! We know this!!! STOPPPPP
The idea that you would mandate a largely untested vaccine to children who are at little to no risk of infection or complications is insane. They also do not spread this virus. Leave the children alone!
I am requesting that no mandate for children to receive the Covid-19 shot. Allow their natural immunity to protect them. 
I oppose mandates and forcing people to do something against their personal choice and belief. That is what freedom is about, the freedom to choose what goes in my body and how to live my life.
Please stop mandating and forcing COVID shots especially to our children. I am standing up for their rights and freedom as well as ALL of American’s liberties. We are a free country and that means we have the freedom to make our own decisions without government overreach.
The emergency vaccines have not been researched enough to give approval for them to be given to given children. More research and testing need to be done before administering these vaccines. Do not approve for children take any COVID vaccines. 
Forcing anyone, let alone children, to do a medical procedure s criminal. Do not mandate this Covid vaccine for children please. This is a choice that is left to the parents. It shouldn’t even be up for debate. 
This should not be mandated on kids who are at low risk for this virus. 
I do not believe in mandating masks fo children from 5-12. They are not necessary. 
I oppose the vaccine gor children 5-12 years old.
Back off!! Leave these children out of the roundup. They have excellent immune systems. Sweden didn't force a lockdown and "herd" immunity has been achieved. Israel, the most vaccinated country in the world has the highest Covid rates in the world. Nobel Prize winner Luc Montignier warned that the injections were the cause of the variants. Back off!
With all the science I have been searching and the qualified educators I do not believe any mandate should be made to comply with. These vax cause many injuries and our children should be our choice this vax is not even healthy for adults let alone children I SAY NO TO ANY MANDATES 
Come to my home and try to stick that shit in my kid and I’ll shoot you right in your fucking face.
We do not have enough information to issue a mandate for our youth.
Stop this unethical genocide of our precious children.
Please do not approve the COVID vaccine for our children. It has many severe and adverse reactions, including death, as reported by VAERS. It is also experimental and the long term effects are not known. 
kids have such a low rate of serious illness from either a flu or cold virus, they don't need a "vaccine", especially one that is a genetic altering MRna therapy! The damage that will result from Multi system inflammatory reactions will far outweigh any perceived benefits for our youth.
Children are not science experiments! The alarming rate of heart inflammation alone is more than enough reason to stop the vaccines! The vaccines are not working and are killing people! Leave the children alone!
No COVID shots for children!! They are far from safe with many being terribly harmed and even deaths. Furthermore they are unnecessary! Much better to give children good nutrition and vitamins. Giving these dangerous shots to children is Illegal based on Nuremberg convictions of crimes against humanity comparable to the Nazi Doctor’s experiments!
I will not give my any of my children this experimental vaccine. We have the right to choose what happens to our kids!
The vaccines do not work yet do have risk. Why subject children to an mRNA experiment when their natural immunity keeps them safe virtually 200% of the time? These Covid “vaccines” are technically not even vaccines!! This is wrong. Stop the mRNA treatments for children! Stop the vaccines for all!!
Remember the country in which you live, and what sets us apart. These vaccines are an individual choice and certainly should not be given to children. The American people do not want the government making decisions for us and will not stand for it. 
I ABSOLUTELY OPPOSE mandating vaccines for kids ages 5-12. These kids are safe and aren't getting sick like the older people. Theres no need for it.
Please do not approve Covid vaccines for 5-11 year old. This vaccine has not been around long enough. There are too many unknowns. It is better to be on the side of caution than regret decisions down the road especially when it comes to children’s health. PLEASE DO NOT GIVE EXPERIMENTAL VACCINES TO OUR VULNERABLE YOUTH.
Children do not need Covid shots. Covid adverse effects on children are statistically 0. The Covid vaccine on the other hand have been shown to have many adverse effects on people under 35. Do not harm our children for political reasons. Respectfully submitted: RalphYelverton 
Vaccinating children for Covid is both disastrous and inhumane. Please reconsider legalizing this. 
FDA should Not approve that children should be forced to take a Covid 19 vaccine. It should be up to the parent to decide on what their children should take.
We do not co-parent with the government! These vaccine mandates for children are unacceptable! California has already announced a mandate and the vaccines are not even approved! Parents should be the only ones to determine what goes into their children's bodies. Do not recommend the mandates! Protect our God given rights and freedom of choice!!!
The risk versus benefit of the Covid-19 vaccine does not warrant giving children this vaccine. There is no long term data! With a survival rate of over 99% why would this decision be rushed!?
I am against Covid-19 vaccine for kids!!!!No matter what age they are!!! A lot of sides effects!!!The vaccination must to be voluntary for all people and NOT forced for 
Please stop the vaccine gene therapy vaccines for our children they are immune 99.9% this is total violation of the Nuremberg code and you guys are in violation of our civil rights as Americans.
Leave our children and grandchildren out of this insane push for vaccinations for a condition that would be an inconvenience! Use your intelligence! Stop this nonsense! No child under 18 should receive a medical treatment without parental consent. 
Why aren't you putting a halt to a vaccine that has killed and maimed 100's of thousands of people? More deaths and injuries than ALL other vaccines combined. Now you want to push it on our children. Why? Humanity will hold you accountable for your actions! Stop this madness NOW!!
My kids are healthy, have never had antibiotics because they are healthy and never get sick! They have managed to stay Covid free this long and we do not trust in the vaccine to stay safe or healthy. Please allow parents to have the choice of what is safe for our children!
Stop forcing this on our children. Stop forcing it on the population as a whole. There has not been enough studies on this! Politics and money are the drive and it needs to STOP!!
Please stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with the COVID “vaccine”. It is unproven to be safe! And the virus is proven to not be deadly to children!
I am completely against making this vax mandatory for children.
Do not approve this shot for 5-11 year olds! The risks far outweigh the benefits for our children
I'm 100% opposed to the government forcing children to take any type of covid-19 "vaccine"
This is not a good idea. Stop censuring data. Kids do not need this vaccine. 
No one under 18, and absolutely no one under 12, should be vaccinated for Covid. Over 99% of children have mild symptoms and there is no long term safety data. It is not worth the risk. 
Our children should not be subjected to partake in clinical trials to support financial gain of the pharmaceutical industry. The children are of virtually no risk whatsoever, yet politicians and the pharmaceutical industry wants them to participate this. There Hass to be a certain point that groups like you, sit here and have a heart and realize enough is enough.
I don’t feel a mandate should be out in place. What happened to my body, my choice. As a parent, I should have the final say in what I put in to my child’s body. And a vaccine mandate isn’t it. 
Please no mandates to vaccinate children with experimental MRNA vaccines
Plain and simple people's choice we are parents not the government. Not ever hoing to put something in myine nor my childrens bodies that no ones long term effects lets see in 5 years from now 1st how well it worked for all the sheep! The vax or no better off then un vax this is a complete joke! All about control n this is only begining. My family will have no part of this . God help you all!!
Please NO, NO, NO... do NOT put that stuff into our wonderful , pristine, pure children. !! 
I don’t understand why you want to vaccinate our children. We were told they don’t get the virus and if they do it’s mild.Please stop this mandate. It should be our choice, if we want to get vaccinated or not.
Adults decide for themselves.Parents decide for their children.
With a 99.9973% survival rate in children ages 5-11 a vaccine mandate is unethical, unusual, and total government overreach. Stop trying to manage our personal health choices, or religious freedoms granted to each of us individually by God. No Governing body, not elected officials, nor religious organization shall stand between our God given freedoms as United States citizens.
There should be NO RUSH to give EUA for kids to receive a Covid vaccine, given the death rate for Covid and children is so low. With vaccines come inherent risk, and we the consumers deserve longer safety studies to truly understand the risks involved so that parents can make an informed decision. 
Do not mandate Covid vax for kids or ANYONE! Personal choice is best!
There is not enough information documented on the effects of the C-19 vaccine to start administering it to children between the ages of 5-11. Please hold off on requiring this vaccine for children for at least 2 years until you know and understand the effects.
I oppose vaccine mandate for children between 5 and 12 years old because they have shown thus far a robust immunity to covid. There is not enough research or long term studies to reflect whether injury caused from vaccine supersedes effects from getting covid naturally
Do NOT subject our children to this vaccine! My children have all had Covid. They were all fine. No big issues. They have natural immunity. Let us parents choose! 
I object to the unconstitutional mandates. Do not mandate children to get any covid-19 vaccine. 
Please allow parents to make what they feel to be the best decision for their children. Children are not meant to be test subjects and this vaccine needs more time. 
I am not in favor of giving the Covid vaccine to children!
I oppose EUA vaccine requirements for 5-11 year olds. Please do not allow this approval for children.
Please do not approve the covid vaccine for children! We do not have enough data on how it will effect them currently or long term. Children are NOT at risk of dying from covid!
No to the covid vaccine for 5-11 year old children.
Protect our children. This is only the ones reported.
It doesn't matter what we say because you people are evil and want the money that the drug companies will give you for pushing a vaccine to millions of kids. After you take the money and watch kids die from this vaccine I hope some of them are your grandchildren so you will know the pain and realized you fucked up this mandate. 
Do not approve these vaccines this is out of control my children have had the virus and survived and they are healthy. 
The COVID vaccine should not be mandated at all, but especially for the younger kids 5-12. These groups are the least impacted and should not be forced to take it. Vaccines like Polio irraticated something that impacted that age group and this is NOT the same. Please do not force this on the children. 
Study the science. Look at adverse effects among age groups and co-morbidities. Compare against same sets against adverse vaccine reactions reported with VAERS. Weigh for non-reported, consider limited initiative to report to VAERS. Who should get the vax? APPROVE ONLY for those who fare better if vaccinated only!
I oppose mandating children to get the covid vaccine. The vaccine has not been out lon enough to prove it is safe in the long term. Children in majority of cases do not have severe cases and they recover nicely. As a grandmother, I don't want my grandchildren to be at risk by this vaccine mandate. Please keep it voluntary. 
This goes against all our rights. This goes against science. This is wrong. Please do not do this. 
This does not and should not be mandated, data for children with all their other shots has never been evaluated for safety. Please remove all mandates!
Mandatory COVID vaccine for my kids? Nope! Not going to happen!! These vaccines violate my families religious beliefs. Besides. Getting Covid is safer than these experimental "vaccines"especially for under 30. If they are so safe then why cant the drug companies be held liable for adverse reactions or death? Because they aren't safe and they and the FDA know it!!
There has not been enough time to show long term effects of the so-called covid vaccines. I say NO mandate on school children.
Please let the individual health choices of children be left to their parents. Please stop limiting our freedoms, the people ultimately should be running the country. Syop the control, stop the mandates and stop the madness. God Bless America!
A childs vaccination status should NEVER be federally mandated. What vaccines a child receives should be a decision made by the parent and the childs physician. Anything more is government overreach of a parental rights and medical freedom. Please vote down any measures that would take away a parents right to make these important medical decisions on behalf of their children.
I will not be vaccinating my 11 year old. She has a healthy immune system and has been exposed to Covid many times and hasn’t contacted it yet. We can handle the virus and are prepared for it. Then she will have the natural immunity.
Children are not at risk for this virus and they should under no circumstance be required to get this vaccine. We do not risk children’s health at the expense of their elders. 
Not giving it to my kids. Studies show that natural immunity is 27% more effective than the vaccines. We had it and recovered easily from it. The seasonal flu put us down more than covid. I think the risk outweigh the benefits when it comes to children.
NO WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's my choice. This is not a communist country, yet. Leave me alone.
I am strongly opposed to vaccinating our children, especially the ages of 5-11 years old that already have a 0.007% chance of death! The lowest number possible, God gave them their own immunity’s and by no means do they need such a vaccine. Please do not approve the COVID-19 vaccine for children 5-11 years old. 
Please, let’s wait on 3rd phase data on these vaccines before we go injecting our kids. This is new technology, and we need to keep the oath to “do no harm”. We don’t even have 3rd phase data for adults yet- let’s not rush this on the kids, they aren’t in real danger of covid hospitalization or death. 
This is not right. Children are not at risk and are should not be given an experimental vaccine. Canada is already 82% vaccinated with numbers dropping. Leave our kids alone. 
Covid 19 vaccine is not needed for children under 12 especially when the vaccine doesn't prevent anyone from getting covid. My child will not be a subject in this experimental jab. The CDC and these vaccine companies need to stop hiding information and lying about efficacy. 
ABSOLUTELY DO NOT APPROVE THE VACCINATION OF CHILDREN!! IT IS IMMORAL AND UNETHICAL AND THE PEOPLE OF THE WORLD KNOW IT!! 
We are NOT going to support vaccinating our children with this experimental shot. EVER. This should be a parent’s decision. No one else has authority over the children except for God. 
A vaccine should be a choice, not a mandate. It is my job to protect my kids and it should be our families decision on the health choices for our family. Vaccines aren’t for everyone and it should not be forced upon anyone.
I am strongly against children being vaccinated against covid. They are not spreaders. The children that have died have had compromised illnesses. 
As a parent I DO NOT CONSENT for my child to be "vaccinated" against theirs and my will. We humans are not strawmen and are autonomous living beings that do not abide by the corporate state mandates which are illegal by Lawful rights. 
Not only are children not at risk for covid 19, but this experimental vaccine could be detrimental to their health. No vaccine mandate!
The rate of Covid-induced fatalities, severe illness, and hospitalizations has, since beginning of the Coronavirus outbreak, shown to be incredibly low for children and minors, making the rationale for rushing approval of the Pfizer shot for the 5-11 age group absolutely unnecessary, especially when faced with the unknown risks of “vaccine” that hasn't even completed clinical trials! 
No vaccines for these kids. Too many injuries now from it for adults. Absolutely nooo vaccines 
No vaccines for children! Please hold off until long term studies reveal effects after several years. These are uneeded as children are very safe from covid. 
I do not want my children to be vaccinated! My children are super healthy. They have been exposed to the virus. They had minimum symptoms! They recovered beautifully. Children are not at risk. 99.9. % chance of getting over it! Do NOT force this. I believe this is more about making money & not about health. 
This mandate is nothing short of tyranny. You have no isolated virus. All lies and your handing out deadly vaccines. Unsafe for anyone of any age! Facts show kids don’t get it and if they do they recover just like a cold or flu. 
The vaccines are unsafe for everybody. The vaccines are unsafe for everybody. Children are dying. They should not be given to children at all. They’re immunity is good and they do not need anything to boost their immunity against Covid.
Do not allow this to occur. Children are NO risk from the virus and they do not spread this to others. Especially since this jab does not stop transmission!! Just because you CAN do something doesn’t mean you SHOULD. You know this is wrong!!! Stop it now and repent!! 
I am fully vaccinated plus booster , I will protest any plan to force vaccinations for kids under 18, my granddaughter had covid , none of the other kids got covid and neither did the adults , she felt alttle under the weather and that’s it , she’s 13
I highly oppose the approval of the COVID vaccine for children. The potential long term risks of this vaccine far outweighs the %99.999 survival rate in children. Let the children be they have never been of concern during this pandemic! 
Mandates are not constitutional -There Should NOT be forced vaccines on our children - Parental rights supersede !
Health decisions are solely up to the individual or the individuals parents if said individual is under 18. These vaccines have been proven not to stop any transmission. They have been proven to cause many problems to the individual after injection 
For the love of God leave the children alone. There is not enough research nor has the vax been available long enough to ensure any safety to our children. Look what is already happening to young teens. The decision is up to parents. Also for the rest of the world it should be my body, my choice for the vax.
These jabs that are killing people need to stop!! All vaccines are causing more damage than good. Too many kids are suffering and families because of the effects from poisoned shots . It needs to stop!!!
Children are almost immune to this virus. Their risks are less than 0.01%. survival rates 99.99%. If you actually care about the health and safety of children, then there is no need to rush and force a fast tracked vaccine. I doubt anyone in authority will read this and i doubt it'll change your course of action. I only write because I want to be on the right side of history.
NO medical tyranny for children or anyone else. The experimental shots are untested, ineffective and we have no idea about long term effects. Natural immune system gives us a 99%+ recovery rate. There is no need to put our children at risk. Please STOP this madness.
I am writing today to ask that you STOP the approval and mandate for all children to be vaccinated.
Kids are nit being affected by this virus so why are we for wing this vaccine upon them?? Their bodies are growing and we absolutely do not know the long term effects this can cause them. 
Children were essentially unaffected by the pandemic. And by contrast, there are side effects to the vaccine as with any drug. Using the precautionary principle therefore, we should err on the side of not vaccinating the young. 
These vaccines have not had adequate safety studies to be approved. Children are not at high risk to catch covid. Mandates violate the Nuremberg code. There is significant risk with vaccines and based on the most recent FDA biologics committee meeting "the vaccines are killing 2 for every 1 person it claims to save/protect", therefore any risk must be a choice. Hands off our children.
I write in complete opposition of any approval of or mandate for a Covid-19 "vaccination" as the possibility of death for children 18 and under is statistically zero (o.ooo7%). Mandating an unproven drug for children is a recipe for disaster. 
To whom it may concern. I am an american citizen and have 4 children of my own. I do no agree to a mandate of our children to be vacinated against their will and our constitutional right of the 1st Amendment. Secondly i will nat abandon my consciences in my faith of God Jesus Christ Lord and savior to put any foreign chemicals that may defile my bidy health and sound mind.
This group of people are least affected by COVID. Also, they are the most likely to be harmed by an experimental vaccine with no proven efficacy due to their growing and developing body's. I'm absolutely against forcing my children to be injected with ANYTHING! 
We should not be forcing children, who are at minimal risk, to inject something into their body that we don't know the consequences of! Vote no!
Vaccinating children should be looked at very carefully. Children are not in a high risk category and aren't generally a threat to the elderly. There also are no long term studies, so we don't know what consequences next year or longer will be. We are seeing teenagers getting the vaccine are having high levels of heart problems that they didn't experience prior to the shot.
I am against the vaccination of children 5-11 yrs old. There is not enough evidence of a need for this. Children are resilient and should not be subject to this at all, let alone masks all day in a classroom.
I do not believe this vaccine is safe for our younger children, there have been many adverse reactions in people according to the vaers reports. To do this to a child would be a crime against humanity. They cant decide for themselves whether they want it or not, this is not fair to them and is a breach of their free will. Please do not allow them to be vaccinated.
Enabling experimental shots for healthy children is not ethical. They have their entire lives ahead of them. It is wrong.
No vaccines should be required for any education admission. All medical or religious must be accepted with no strings-attached.
It's wrong to mandate vaccines, especially to children. Stop this cruelty.
Masking our children is proven to be more harmful than the risk of Covid!Do no harm!The same is true about the experimental vaccines
I am opposed to mandating Covid vaccine to children. They have an extremely low risk of death from the disease and the vaccinecauses harm in a subset of children. In my medical opinion, the risks outweigh the benefits of this vaccine in this age group. 
I do not agree with vaccinating children 5-11. Their risk of side effects is higher than the impact of COVID-19. Also, we are still learning the long term impacts of the vaccine. Please do not mandate the vaccine. Think about our children first and protect our future 
No Covid-19 vaccine mandates for children! Parental choice! 
I strongly oppose any vaccine mandate and specifically FDA 2021-N-1088-0001 mandating children 5-11 to be given any Covid 19 vaccine. This is medical tyrrany 
Do not approve inoculations against COVID-19 for young children. From research I have read on the CDC website, COVID-19 is not a common problem with children under the age of 11. Taking common health precautions will provide ample protection for this age group
I do not consent nor do I want children receiving an unauthorized, experimental injection that has not been studied only-term nor has it been approved. It is only used under Emergency Use Authorization and has had NO CLINICAL TRIALS.
I understand that it is possible COVID approval is coming to vacate children 5 to 11. Please do not mandate this, children have a natural amenity against COVID. I can’t believe this vaccine is allowed to continue to be used when it is killing and hurting so many people! Please stop it!
I do not agree with mandating vaccines for children! 
No forced experimental shots for kids. This is complete derangement and depravity. Never thought the day would come where this needed to be said, but here we are.
Please do not make vaccines mandatory. There are many children who would be irreversibly medically harmed if forced to be vaccinated. There is not enough scientific research showing it is absolutely safe for every child. Respectfully, C. S. 
It is a horrendous idea vaccinate young children who are very low risk of getting severe covid with a vaccine that has been only around for a little over a year. No other children's drug would be approved this quickly and there has already been serious concerns about the cardiac effects. Do not do this! 
As a Washington resident, I am very concerned about these possible mandates for children. How can you approve a vaccine for children who have a 99% survival rate. Please make this about the health and safety of our children and not lining your pockets with cash!! Please say no!
It is wildly dangerous to vaccinate young children with an unproven "vaccine" against a condition that has many viable treatment options. 
Transmission of COVID-19 among children in schools and daycares is very rare.According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. It's not stopping transmission in adults. It's not an approved productNo study on long term affects in anybody
It’s been proven the “vaccine” does not prevent infection or transmission. Children have a nearly 0% chance of being dangerously sick or dying from Covid-19. If the FDA approves it for children then governments and schools will mandate it. More children will be harmed from the vaccine than children harmed by COVID-19. 
The data show that children are at very little risk from this. People should get to decide for themselves their own level of risk.
I'm a 75 year old, male. I do not want to be forced to take an unproven vaccine. I have seen so many vaccinated people that still got covid and some got very sick, with changes to their health. Latest example, Colin Powell's death! I thought the benefit was for protection so that all people, especially those with health issues would not get covid. I am very fearful of this shot.
Gamble with your own childrens' lives, NOT MINE!! How dare you ignore the shot's side effects are worse than the disease.
What will you tell the millions of parents that have children who suffer irreversible effects caused by a vacation that has already killed many healthy adults? Whoops, guess we should have done some more research? 
Covid vaccine mandates are unconstitutional. The virus poses almost zero risk to children and Covid vaccines should NOT be approved for children ages 5-12 under any circumstance. 
I do not support an experimental shot for anyone let alone our children. After this is over, and the truth will come out and it will be over, the FDA will have to live with much blood on their hands. Better investigate the MANY deaths from these shots prior to "approving" for our children. The truth cannot and will not be suppressed forever.
NO, NO, NO! Do not vaccinate the kids!The US Supreme Court has stated that "vaccines are inherently unsafe."So, for a group that rarely contracts covid, and has a 99.99% recovery rate, why vaccine them? There is a higher rate of injury with the vaccine that can't be removed.This is not medical, and is not about science.This is immoral!
Recommending children aged 5-11 be injected for COVID-19 does not seem appropriate. As per the mainstream narrative the above age group has virtually no risk to contracting covid. With a 99.9973%survival rate this seems outrageous to push the vaccine on children who are not at risk.
These vax need to be by choice. You have no idea the long term effects on adults much less children , how many med were put out there and now found to cause cancer. The children are not dying in large numbers by covid . Please rethink the long term consequence's and the damage you may inflict on the children . Reminds me of nuremberg .
Protect our children from the long list of potential life long side effects and the possibility of death. No more experiments!
Can you provide long term proof that this vaccine will not affect my child’s fertility in the future? Can you provide proof that my child’s health is in more danger by not taking the vaccine than by taking it? Where are the long term studies that show how this affects the future health of children into adulthood? 
Please do not mandate children under 12 to be vaccinated in order to attend school or extra curricular activities. We will be forced to withdrawal our children from the public school system if so. Due to our religious beliefs our children will not be getting the vaccine. 
Keep these shots away from kids. We don't know enough about them to give them to anyone, much less out innocent precious children. Please. 
Your attempt to mandate vaccines for children, and adults, is negligent and far overreach. Shameful, and destructive to society.
The risk of death or serious illness in children 5-12 is extremely minimal compared to the health risk the vaccine may cause to their health. There are no long term studies available to prove otherwise. It should be optional and not mandated. Parents need to have authority here, not government. 
Parents should be allowed the choice to vaccinate! We can make informed decisions on our children’s behalf, forced vaccinations are not the way to go. We the people will not stand for it! 
How dare you consider approving experimental Mrna covid-19 "vaccines" to children! There are tens of thousands of documented cases of deaths and serious injuries from these "vaccines." Please do not allow this to be forced on our children and harm them
Children ages 5-12 have practically 0% chance of spreading, getting “covid,” and even less from dying from it. Parents are responsible for their child’s health decisions and are quite capable of making them. The vaccine is an unnecessary, and possibly a damaging, biological toxin & is likely to damage their development. NO TO COVID VACCINES FOR CHILDREN and DEFINITELY NOT MANDATORY!! 
In no way should kids 5 - 11 be taking an experimental vaccine that has a high rate of injury and even death in adults . The kids little body’s will not be able to handle this and will cause even more injuries and deaths that can be available. The fact that needs to be considered is kids have no problem fighting off Covid and should be left alone . 
There is no medical need for children to be vaccined against Covid-19. There is virtually no risk of death for children from Covid-19. In fact, according to VAERS.HGS.gov, there is more risk of side effects including death. Also, taking away choice is against not the Constitution of the United States. Please stop this effort to vaccinate children. 
Respect our rights as Canadians. Did his is against the Nuremberg Code. Freedom of Choice. We are supposed to be True North Strong and Free. This is not a vaccine it is an experiment that is costing people their livelihoods and their lives. No more of this tyranny
I do not agree with mandating vaccinations for anyone
Please, please do NOT approve this insanity of jabbing your children with some untested drug!!!!
There is no evidence that children are at risk to covid after nearly 2 years of data. The risk to the health of our children taking an emergency use only vaccine that does not prevent you from getting covid is absolutely insane!
Children are at extremely low risk for dying or serious side effects from Covid. Do not mandate a vaccine for children which may endanger their health or life. 
I vehemently oppose any mandates on children for any and all purposes, especially for school attendance, for any Covid -19 related vaccine. Such actions would be medical tyranny, and in breach of the Nuremberg Code.
More research and data is needed before covid 19 vaccines are approved for children. There have been too many side effects in children 12-18. Please do not approve these for children. 
PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS. PLEASE YOU CANNOT HURT CHILDREN AND FAMILIES PLEASE STOP THIS HORRIFIC MEDICAL EXPERIMENT. DO NOT FORCE THIS ON HUMANITY!!
This vaccine should not be given to children 5-12 years of age. There has been way to many horrible side effects from this shot . Kids are healthy and should be able to let there bodies build an immunity to covid just LIKE ANY OTHER VIRUS !!!!!!! There is absolutely no reason to give kids a shot that is not even a year old ! 
NOT approve the COVID vaccine for kids ages 5-12 years old!
Vaccinating children against covid 19 is not necessary. The virus was engineered to kill middle aged adults not children. The risks to children from the vaccine out way all the gains of vaccination. Myocarditis, stroke, tremmors etc are all bad side effects of the poison shots, and not necessary for kids with healthy imune systems. Please do not mandate it. We will not comply. We will not obey.
I am against giving the Covid 19 shot to any children, specifically those 5-11 years old. This country can not take the rights away from our parents. This inject ion could cause many side affects that are unknown at this time and we are not willing to use our youth as laboratory rats! 
ALL OF YOU ARE MURDERERS!!! CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY!!! 
Stop vaccine mandates. The vaccines that are available are still EUA and by definition experimental. Protect the children. They are not lab rats.
Do not approve any mandate for children to be vaccinated as a vaccine is unproven and unsafe. Children have an extremely low percentage of getting sick and next to a few that may die from Covid. There is more chances of children dying and having severe reactions from the vaccine then they would ever have from Covid 
Please stop it with the poison already. We know it doesn't work and causes more harm than good. Not only are the clinical trials not over until 2023 but now you want to experiment on innocent children? Disgusting. I do not approve or consent in any way for any child to receive this poison. 
Parents should be able to choose if their kids get the vaccines it hasn’t been around long enough to see the true side effects that it will have on children. It should be a choice not forced on children that young. 
It is beyond unreasonable to force my child to be vaccinated for a virus that they will most certainly not have an issue with. This country was founded in the concept of individual freedom and when it comes to my childrens bodies, the government has no say. 
I am AGAINST forcing children to recieve the COVID-19 vaccine as even the developers state the long- term side effects are unknown. Given the extremely low instances of child-deaths related to Covid, the potential benefits do not outweigh the known risks associated with the vaccine. Do not take this choice away from parents, especially based on such loose data.
Consider the fact that they are healthy and shouldn’t possibly be exposed to something harmful to their bodies somewhere down the line.
This is insanity! Kids have virtually no risk and you’re shoving a new vaccine that we know has side effects and can cause heart inflammation! What is happening here?
Parents should make the decision whether they want to vaccinate their children. At this time, the covid vaccine is too new to be used on young children. Don't rush the process to enforce a political agenda. 
Please consider the implications both morally and physically of allowing an experimental vaccination into our most precious gifts from God. Better to have a large millstone hung around thy neck and thrown into the sea, than to cause one of these little ones to sin.
We are deemed as US citizens to choose what we put in our bodies, therefore let it be known that I am absolutely against the state telling me I have to give my child a shot that has not been adequately tested, for no good reason, to protect her from something she has already had a survived . This has to stop…
Do not approve Covid vaccines for use in children. The potential risks far outweigh any perceived benefit. Children should not be test subjects for these experimental medicines.
I am opposed to the vaccine for children, period. 
 experimental. There are now more kids in hospital because of the vaccine than covid. Mayocarditis deaths and injuries are also increasing
Absolutely do not want kids vaccinated with this failed and dangerous ‘potion’
Do not Mandate this covid 19 Vaccine for children or adults or anyone!
What we are seeing is a full frontal attack internally from technocrats, big pharma, and many other vested interests, the madness needs to stop! So many are complicit in this agenda. They’ve been misled by skewed statistics and faulty numbers Please stand up to the craziness!
It is unconscionable to put this "experimental therapy" into the bodies of children, not knowing what possible damage it can do to their immature bodies when they have as close as one can get to 100% chance of recovery from Covid.
I will not vaccinate my children. They would be better off contracting the virus with minimal symptoms and developing immunity that way. I have personally had bad side effects from my vaccine and I don't think it is necessary for ALL children. 
My kids don’t need Covid vaccine, they are already immune, had covid which was milder than any cold. It should be free choice, not requirements. 
I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies.
There is very little chance of adverse side effects from COVID among children. Based on the large number of adults who have died as a result of being vaccinated, vaccinating children is absolutely wrong.
If you do not have documentation of LONG-TERM effects of this gene therapy, then you have no right mandating it on our children. 
CDC data shows that children are at very low risk for developing complications from Covid-19. Children should not be forced to obtain a vaccine with no long-term studies on the long-term effects of it. This should be a choice for parents, not a mandate. 
Covid has not been shown to be life threatening to young children. The vaccine has not been tested for long term effects on young vulnerable and developing bodies. Please do not administer improperly tested vaccines on young children. Weigh the risk benefit analysis.
It is unnecessary for children to get the vaccine. Statistically, children are basically unaffected by Covid. Their immune systems work beautifully as they are. 
Please do not recommend this vaccine for children. They are least affected by this virus. The side affects of the vaccine are are unknown for children at this time. More studies need to be done at this point, there are to many young men and boys getting sick from this.
NO, DO NO VACCINATE KIDS ESPECIALLY. There are many documented risks from blood clots, myocarditis, neurologic symptoms and extreme fatigue. According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. This vaccine is experimental. It is not FDA approved. "NO" COVID VACCINATIONS FOR KIDS.
We are never complying to your coercion and mandates. Do not touch our children. This is war. 
Dear members of the FDA. PLEASE!!! do NOT pursue the vaccine mandate to inject this poison into our loved ones!! Especially grievous is the experimenting with our children. We beg you to consider our request! 
Forced vaccination are unconstitutional & Illegal . Check international law!
Mandating these vaccines is unconstitutional! We the people urge you not to mandate this for children when such little is known about the long term affects. 
I am against the vaccination for young children! We still don’t know what the effects are for children. Don’t use them as part of this experiment!
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still developing, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
I strongly oppose giving this vaccine to anyone, let alone children, without their consent
there is absolutely no science to inject our children with an emergency "vaccine" when there is no emergency. This is a money grab and the FDA & CDC is complicit in this evil.
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
Clinical trials are not completed for this vaccine. Children of this age are not severely affected by Covid. We have no idea of the long term impact or negative effects this could have on children. Research is still being conducted. Makes no sense to push this this through. 
Do not FORCE anything on the general public since not enough research has been done. Not even the seasonal flu shot isn't mandatory, why should this be. For a virus that is less than 0.01 % deadly. 
I do NOT support vaccines for children - leave our children out of this 
The only way you can catch a virus is if it is injected into your bloodstream.
Young children should not be mandated to get the vaccine. The risks of the vaccine outweigh the benefits especially when children do not seem to become very sick. Also there is not one organization or company that is accepting responsibility of any side effects post vaccine. Parents should make that decision in conjunction with their physician. The vaccine should be an option, not a mandate!!
I am 100% against Covid vaccines for children 5-11. Children are at NO risk of severe illness or death from Covid-19. The risk of injury and death is much greater by taking the vaccine. DO NOT approve these shots for children!!!
No no no leave our children our of this and stop messing with our freedom of choice 
The dangers of such a mandate for children far outweighs the risk of Covid 19 for children. Thousands of medical professionals, lawyers, pandemic analysts have provided evidence that this is the case. 
Do not approve the covid vaccines for children 5 to 11!! They have stronger immune systems and are not affected by this virus like adults are!! It is not known what the adverse reactions long term will be and it could be devastating for the future! Please do not approve y this vaccine. If you do they'll make it a mandate and it is only the parent's desition what to give their children! 
I am strongly against the vaccine for children in the age group being considered. There is no study or justifications in requiring for age group intended. I'm super upset this is even being considered 
Even thinking about giving children, of all people, a Covid19 shot is absurd and completely unfounded on any data points except Big Pharma’ bank account. Leave Our children alone!
Please do NOT mandate this experimental vaccine for children ages 5-12. There has not been enough research performed for us to know the long term effects of this vaccine on children. Please cease and desist this mandate from being implemented!
The United States of America, Land of the Free; where people are free to CHOOSE what goes into our bodies. Call off this attack on the people; NO Mandates on vaccines or related biological products. 
Do Not Vaccinate Our Children!Stop the mandatory experimental vaccination for the children 5-11 years old. This is anti-American, Illegal, Unethical. Stop supporting the Big Pharma! Do what is RIGHT for the American People! 
There is not a enough testing or data to approve vaccine use for children 5 to 12. We do not want this mandatory it is up to the parents to decide if they have a child that’s very sick even then I’m not sure that this is safe. Please do not approve this vaccine for children 5 to 12. 
I think approving an experimental injection for children is absolutely the wrong decision. Long term side effects cannot be known in such a short period of time. Children have such a negligible risk of serious cases or death from covid compared to the side effects that are damaging the other age groups already receiving the shot. 
I don't agree with administering vaccines or mandating vaccines for people under 12 … or under 18 for that matter…. Unacceptable! Infringes on peoples rights and freedoms. This is not what it means to be canadian…
Freedom of choice. This is not ok. We are not ok with this. Allow us our God given Freedoms
It's been proven over and over again that children are in no danger from covid. The survival rate is 98.6%. That's almost 100% percent change your going to live if you get covid. The death rate from the shot is equal to the nonvaxed people who got covid. These mandates for an experimental shot is unconstitutional and shouldn't be tolerated.
My child will not be receiving this vaccine. Children have a good immune system. There is no need to give this vaccine. It will not eradicate COVID.
I am very much concerned that COVID-19 vaccinations are going to be mandatory for children age 5 and up. I do not agree with this as there is not enough knowledge about the side effects etc. I am not opposed to vaccination, but I am against vaccination that is not tested and or studied well. Please do not make this vaccine mandatory, it would be a grave mistake. 
Do NOT mandate Covid "vaccines" for children 5-11. It's bad enough that it's legal to murder babies in the womb, but now you want to kill off the remaining children? What is wrong with you people? Have you no conscience? I am a 75 year old retired secretary. Shame on the United States of America.
This virus has a 99% survival rate, with children not even susceptible to it. This vaccine for children is unconstitutional. 
I do not want our children to have a vaccine AGAINST COVID.
We WILL NOT accept mandatory vaccination of our young children to attend school. 
Please do not mandate FDA-2021-N-1088 Covid Vaccine for children 5-11 years old. This is unsafe for children. More time and study needs to be required.
When there is risk, there should be a choice. My daughter has severe allergies and mandating this vaccine could potentially kill her. I ask that you consider individuality 
I am making an urgent call to stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine. The VAERS report demonstrates a high number of adverse effects including death. The science supports natural immunity. 
We have realized that Covid is always going to be with us, it is an endemic. We have also learned much about mask wearing and it’s negative impacts on children and data showing little support in protection against the virus. Child vaccination, child mask wearing, and having the autonomy over a child is the parents’ right and choice only. 
Don't do this. Instead of mandating vaccines why don't we disband the FDA
Do not vaccinate the children. It is already coming to fruition that the vaccine is killing and harming more people than the virus is, now you want to destroy the children. Only Satans henchmen would push such evil
Absolutely not for kids. With a 99.7% survival rate this is insane. No child or adult for that matter should be taking this gene altering injection. Time to put an end to this genocide. 
I wish to comment on the proposal to give spike protein injections to children aged 5-12. The immune systems of children are still developing, and should develop naturally for best health and defense against viruses and other pathogens. May common sense prevail. Thank you for considering making wise decisions for our most vulnerable.
No one, especially children should be forced to get this shot. Focus should be on a healthy lifestyle and the knowledge of having a Successful treatment available.
Having received the Moderna vaccine myself I absolutely do not support the vaccination of children without more research and study on the longterm effects. I have experienced negative side effects from this Mrna vaccine and do not support the vaccination of minor children. 
The risks of this “vaccine” FAR outweigh the benefit to children who have less than 1% chance of dying from covid, and the fact that there are no long term health studies. It does not prevent infection or transmission, so there is no logical reason to inject this mRNA treatment into the bodies of children.
There is not enough evidence of vaccine safety for kids. I do not support it
No No No To the vaccine for children my child my choice
I am a vaccinated healthcare provider. I do not want to vaccinate my children as Covid does not present a significant risk to them. As their parent, decisions regarding their healthcare are my right, not the government’s.
Please stop the madness of giving children. Flu or covid vaccines. They are more likely to be harmed by these chemical injections than the virus if they catch it. And much stronger with their own natural immunity! 
Please do not approve or encourage the use of Covid vaccines for children ages 5-11. They are such a vulnerable population and we have NO long term data on the side effects OR efficacy of these shots and that absolutely must be studied before issuing a blanket approval. Do not experiment on our children!!
I DO NOT wish for there to be a vaccine mandate for my children. We have ZERO idea of the long term effects of these vaccinations. Thank you.
Please consider that when there is risk, there should be choice. It is parents who have the best interest of their children at heart, know their own children's unique health concerns, and should have the freedom to choose to vaccinate or not. Please do not force this upon our children.
I do not agree with mandating vaccines for young children. 
We don’t support any mandates. We live pure and free with total body autonomy 
Please do not make vaccines available for 5-11 year olds until there is much more research available and the FDA is willing to be responsible for any adverse affects. 
Why would you ever recommend a “vaccine” for children with a .0007% death rate? How does this make any sense????
Why would a vaccine be necessary for an age group that has greater than 99% survival rate for this disease? Our children are not at risk. Leave them alone!
I am against mandating the Covid vaccine for children. The flu shot is not mandated and more children die from the flu every year. Please do not mandate the vaccine for children. They are not at high risk for getting severely ill. 
No vaccinating children! Why would you do this? It’s proven to have little to no affect on them.
Fear God before making such a decision, Fear God, Fear God. 
Please vote NO on mandating the Covid-19 Vaccination for children ages 5-12. This experimental vaccine doesn’t have enough testing and evidence to prove it safe for the use in children. 
I do not support mandate for 5-12, we do not yet know the long-term side effects or the possible severe adverse reactions. This age group is not at high risk of contracting or succumbing to COVID-19.
1. Children are more at risk from this vaccine than getting the actual virus. 2. Vaccines take many years of “Public” study before they are approved for general use.3. Why move to children (with good natural immune systems) when we’re having hundreds of thousands “breakthroughs”.
Leave the kids alone. Don’t get them involved in this vaccine that was rushed and no one knows the long term effect of it. Science is always changing, it maybe proven safe in a lab but history proves again and again how lab science and clinical use have varying results. 
I pray you do the right thing and don't even think about mandating children receive this shot. The risks far outweigh any benefit. A mandate isn't law, but unfortunately, some parents would think they need to comply. Instead, please take a serious look at all the consumers, health professionals, scientists and anyone else who are reporting serious side effects. This is just heart wrenching. 
Stop immediately the mandates on vaccines for everybody!!! That needs to be a personal choice. Leave the kids alone. There are everytime more and more deaths and side effects for the vaccines. Let adults decide what they want to do with their health and specially decide about their childrens health.
I strongly object to mandates for COV-19 vaccines, PARTICULARLY for children! The SCIENCE has not been proven to warrant the high risk of 'side effects' on our children! This is absolutely unwarranted!
The British Government decided not to inoculate kids until more safety data can be established. The data is there to support the risks outweigh the reward. Don’t be a pawn to the Biden admin. Be scientific not political. 
Vaccination mandates are a serious overreach to the safety and well-being of Americans who are totally capable of making health decisions without governmental “mandates.” Give us back our rights to freedom of choice. 
This untested vaccine isn’t proven safe for adults, let alone children. Do not mandate a vaccine that hasn’t been tested. This will be the last straw.
Parents should make the decisions regarding their children’s health status. Considering that stats regarding Covid and how it affects children, the government should not be ordering blanket mandates. 
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
Let parents be parents and allow them to make medical decisions for their children. When the government can make medical decisions FOR you, then they are one step closer to deciding IF you are worth treating. 
There should be no vaccine mandate for ANY age - and especially children!! It is unconstitutional at the state and federal levels!
The risk of death from the Pfizer vaccine is greater than the risk of death from Covid in kids. Why would you put children’s lives on the line? 
No mandated EUA vaccine on 5-12yr olds for a Covid virus that does has a 99.9% survival rate vs the adverse side effects and deaths from the vaccine.This is medical apartheid, takes our freedoms and is unconstitutional.
How can you justify making a pregnant mother of 5 take a vaccine that has not proven efficacy or loose her job. Adverse reactions are the upmost concern and are very alarming. This is in human to say the least.
No vaccine mandates for children. Their risk is of COVID is extremely low. Vaccines are not proven safe and effective, long-term risks unknown. Common sense and science says no. 
The covid shot is unnecessary for children, they are at very low risk to get covid at all and if they get it, are very unlikely to get very sick at all. The risk of the shot itself is exponentially higher than the risk for covid. Never have experimental shots been mandated. 
I am strongly against vaccinating perfectly healthy children from Covid 19 when they have over. 98.00% survival rate. I will not be participating my children in this experiment.
Why in the world would you give a healthy child under the age of 5 an experimental vaccine when children don't have over a 99.9% chance of survival from this virus .
PLEASE DO NOT MANDATE VACCINES FOR 5-12 YEAR OLD CHILDREN!!!!! IT IS A SACRILEGE AND YOU ARE TAKING AWAY THEIR FREEDOMS!!!! YOU WILL BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE ONE DAY FOR WHAT HAPPENS TO THE BODIES OD THESE CHILDREN!!!!! 
Keep this vaccine mandate away from children. They have enough to deal with with mask mandates and other vaccines. Their bodies are meant to go outside, play in dirt, get into germs, and build immunity. What this country is doing is making our kids weaker and defenseless. Stop the madness!
I am so hopeful this passes. My young children’s lives would be greatly improved with this vaccine. 
• I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.• Please also study the children that have had COVID. Two of my children had it with zero symptoms or side effects. Why would I get a vaccine against what their body already fought off. Please study post covid immunity in children. 
When the risk of the experimental drug outweigh the risk of Covid how can forcing it on children even be a thought!? The trial period hasn’t been long enough to collect any data. Why not mandate a healthy lifestyle in the schools that teach the importance of healthy eating, vitamins and exercise?? The children have an immune system, let them use it! 
Why would anyone take this worthless product for a created virus? 99.9% of all people can survive this with their God-given immune system. Early treatment as recommended by the good physicians (Zelinko,McCullough, FLCCC, AFLDS) and this issue would be behind us! Do Not Abuse the Children!!!
Please do not add to this craziness ofthis virus by MANDATING 5-12 years old to get a COVID-19 vaccine. The vaccines may cause reproductive problems and also there is no need to take away our decision of whether to vaccine our children or not. The government is not to be involved to this depth. Please stop the madness over this virus! 
My kids both got the Pfizer vaccines and it has been great! Dragging a bit the day after the shot. We still mask up indoors but the freedom we feel and have is the best. My kids got the shots at age 14 and 17. I can’t recommend enough. Isn’t the totality of information right here in US enough to show how safe it is? 
First, they are NOT at risk of dying or adverse events. More than likely they will die from the "shot". And then, how will this affect them 10 and 20 years from now. NO STUDY.
I am so against giving the Covid vaccination to any children under the age of 11 years old. It is an experimental vaccine. It has proven itself unsafe and ineffective in adults. Children have wonderful God given immune systems! Please do not do this to the next generation!
Do not approve this for kids! This is disgusting and wrong. 
I totally disagree with mandating the shot for children. We do not know the long term effects of this shot. I also believe 100% that parents should make the decisions on what effects their children’s health. Freedom of choice, not mandates.
No vaccination mandates for anyone! Especially children of any age. There is no urgency for children to be vaccinated. Especially children aged 5-11. I do not concent to this!
There is alot of information coming out about these vaccines. I feel they are not safe. Please stop forcing on americans. There need to be alot more studies I am very aware of alot of vaccine injurys. 
There is no need for our children to get a jab for COVID-19. They are more likely to have adverse reactions them be harmed by the disease itself. It is pure evil to put them at risk. They have their entire life's ahead of them. Leave the children out of this
Covid vaccines should not be given to 5-11 year old children! They are at statistically zero risk of Covid. The risk far outweighs any possible benefit. Thousands dead and approaching a million injuries. What could you be thinking to even consider giving this jab to a child! Shameful! 
Don’t even think about making a mandate for parents to have to inject a drug into their kids in order to attend (or petition for an exemption for) in person public school. You are stealing my money and forcing a medical procedure against my will in order to receive what I pay for. Shame on you! This is not only immoral and illegal, it is a sin. Repeal this attempt! Repent before the most high God!
As a Family and Emergency physician ,still working, the side effects and complications of Covid vaccine far out weigh the risks from the infection to children .To that point I consider it medical negligence to approve it for children -
Giving these shots to 5-12 yr old kids, with perfectly fine immune systems is nothing short of murder of our next generation. Bad enough our older generation is being knocked off to. All delebrate.
Please leave medical decisions up to the doctors, parents, and the individual! The government has no place in our health care decisions! 
Vaccines for Covid should not be mandatory for children or teens to go to school 
Please do not make children get this so called vaccine. They do much better when their immune system fights off any illnesses. I feel that it would only hurt their immune system.
I adamantly oppose vaccines for children under the age of 18. I encourage the discontinuing of mandating medical procedures. The vaccine is unstable and dangerous as the outcomes continue to prove out. 
Kids don’t need the covid 19 vaccine. The shot does more than good. There are more side effects including death so it 100% ludacrus to mass vaccinate any child from this virus. They have over a 99% survival rate. Stop trying for the power grab and leave the kids alone!
Please do not do this to our children. There is not enough research or documentation ofSide effects and long term effects for the potential risk of taking the vaccine. The risk of this age group (5-11) having a life threatening response to Covid is almost 0%. It’s like a mild cold for most children. 
While Covid 19 is a terrible disease, the long term effects of the vaccine have not been established for children age 5-12. I urge you, as a parent, as a mother, to please let more time pass before approving this vaccine for such young children.
You are killing our children. Judgement is coming 
Vaccines should not be mandatory for children. The risks of the vaccines such as myocarditis do not justify a vaccine for a virus that has low mortality rates in children. 
This is shot is experimental! It should NOT be used on our children! The outcome is unknown with many side affects happening in adults! This is abuse of power! This is criminal!
I’d like to vote no against mandating the vaccine for school aged children. This should be a choice and not forced upon in order for our children to go to school.
Mandates are against everything freedom stands for. Please reconsider. Let’s bring people together, not segregate.
Forcing vaccination on anyone, let along children, is WRONG. Our body our choice. Kids have virtually no risk of being hospitalized from covid, and are not the spreader. No not force vaccination on our youth!!!!
No vaccine for our children that we know nothing about long term
I vehemently oppose governing bodies to interfere with mine and my children's healthcare, vaccines or otherwise. It is a violation of human rights for the government to dictate what goes in my body and my child's body. NO TO MANDATORY VACCINES!!
You are doing this unnecessarily for children. Stop worrying about how much profit you’ll make and consider the children in this, their well being, what kind of side effects it’ll cause later in their lives. What about all the myocarditis it’s already causing in young boys?! You people are dispicaple and should be in jail! 
No, absolutely no. Not enough evidence on the effect of covid vaccine on children. Not enough evidence that covid affects children. Just another attempt of the administration to exert control over the public. Absolutely no.
Stop medical genocide with these experimental shots. There is no way these should be given to anymore adults or children. They are causing drastic side effects including death. Stop the trials! We all know that's what this is. God help you if you continue on this path.
I know several people who have died immediately after the vaccine. I know several people who have been harmed by the vaccine. Why give it to children 
It's selfish on the part of older people to demand that kids, who are not at risk of getting covid, take an experimental vaccine. Some vaccines are safe and effective. It's unknown whether the covid-19 vaccines will be safe and effective because they're so new. Under these circumstances, it's highly selfish and fear-driven to demand kids receive an experimental shot.
It is beyond wrong, unconstitutional, and absolutely disgusting to be forcing children to get this. This needs to stop! No children should be forced to take this!
Please do not approve the usage of the Covid vaccine for children. The death rate of children with Covid is extraordinarily low. Given the abysmal success rate of the vaccine in the adult population, there is no need to submit children to this experimental treatment.
No vaccines for kids or mandates! We have no idea the long term effects and covid does not effect them! Do not do this to our children!
Our family strongly disagrees with any government agency requiring our children to be vaccinated for Covid 19. 
There's too many dangerous side effects with heart issues for children and not enough know yet about theses vaccine long term effects. We are still in clinical trial phase for this reason alone any mandate is not legal or ok. Please vote no.
I do not think the Covid vaccine should be approved for children. I think additional testing is needed.
I am pro vaccine and have received.the covid vaccine but I disagree with a vaccine mandate for my son. The risks outweigh the benefits for him. The odds of him dying of covid are slim and the numbers don’t justify a vaccine mandate for school age children. 
 Please do NOT approve COVID vaccinations for children 5-11 years old. There is not enough data available regarding the effectiveness of the vaccine. Further there is even less data regarding the possible negative effects on children both in the current term and the long term. I have four children myself and I am not comfortable having any of them vaccinated. 
It's unbelievable that we continue with this charade regarding Covid. Now, we're going to put an experimental vaccine in our children who aren't at virtually no risk? Ask yourselves one question; what are the long term side effects? No one can answer this, yet we continue to pretent that there won't be any. History (and God) will judge you.
I think this vaccine needs years of more research and testing before even make it available to afults let alone to children. Is a must to be prepared before injecting any solution into the human body. I do not agree is ready for both children and adults. 
I do not agree with this at all! And I will not consent to my children getting this vaccine! This has not been studied enough to be putting this in our children. I ask that you reconsider mandating this . 
I believe mandating this so called vaccine is not in the best interest of our children. This is taking the choice away from parents to made an informed decision on what’s best for their family. I do not coparent with the government and I do not feel this should be pushed forward.
I absolutely oppose mandated Covid vaccines for children!!
Please do not allow COVID vaccines to be given to our children (of any age). They are at little risk for contracting severe COVID and there is the potential for immediate adverse effects as well as unknown effects in the future. What about all the young males who will develop pericarditis or myocarditis?? What happened to physicians and their hippocratic oath to “Do no harm”??
Do not want mass vaccination of young children, age 5 years and above. Do not want mass vaccination of general population either. No mass vaccinations period. It isn’t medical tyranny. MY BODY, MY CHOICE!
Vaccination approval for Covid-19 in children with, no studies of long term effects, are both irresponsible and unnecessary. 
Please stop pushing these covid vaccines on children and adults! These vaccines have horrendous side effects including permanent adverse reactions and death to adults and children. Vaccinations should be voluntary and not mandatory. God gave us our bodies and the constitution guarantees us the right to medically chose what is best for ourselves. 
I DO NOT CONSENT TO GOVERNMENT MANDATES TO VACCINATE CHILDREN. THIS IS A PARENT DECISION UNTIL THEY TURN 18 YEARS OF AGE.
Are you guys crazy, the vaccines don't work, and kids have zero risk from covid-19 yet risk from the vaccine is substantial!!!
Please vote to oppose the COVID vaccine mandate for children as it is statistically unnecessary and we do not know the long term health impact of this experimental injection.
Say no to Covid vaccinations for kids 5-11 due to increase risk of myocarditis and experimental nature of the shot.
No mandated vaccines for children or anyone. Our body our right. 
I do not support any vax mandate for any aged person, especially children. We should always have a choice. 
As a Johns Hopkins educated molecular biologist and a mother, am vehemently opposed to this vaccine being used in children and urge you to halt any further advancement in this regard.
I am firmly against the forced vaccination of children under any circumstances, especially against a disease they are practically invincible to using vaccines that are shown to be dangerous to their health.
Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds. It has already caused too many tragic side-effects to adults I know personally, some as young as their 20s. Heart attacks, strokes, kidney sepsis, menstral cycle problems. It's not worth the risk, with our most precious asset, our kids. They are our future. Please protect them, by not moving forward with this vaccine. 
Can’t mandate vaccination with such small data on. No mandate. This is the USA
Children are not even at risk so I am absolutely apposed to mandated shots! This will sterilize the children. This is evil, pure and simple and anyone who takes part in this will be held accountable under the Geneva Code for crimes against humanity which is punishable by death. 
Please no mandates on covid 19 shots for minors (or anyone for that matter). Our children should not be "made" or "forced" to get these vaccines.
It should only be given to people who Won't it Not forced on people who don't or their children
I am writing to express my deep opposition to the vaccination of 5- to 11-year-old children that is being proposed.Their risk of death is statistically zero at this point and the risks associated to this vaccine are many. I still have yet to see a risk-to-benefit ratio study as is required. I feel there is no transparency from the government when it comes to vaccines.
Not no, but HELL No! They're OUR children, not wards of the Biden administration!
Please actually take into consideration the health of children who are barely affected by this virus over the amount of $$ you get from authorizing this! NO MANDATES! More CLINICAL testing is needed before allowing this to be given to our children!!
LEAVE. THE. CHILDREN. ALONE!!!!! These are Crimes Against Humanity. All will be held accountable.
As a parent to 2 young children and a teacher, I strongly oppose mandating this vaccine for children or any person who does not want to take it. Please allow for people to make the best decision for themselves and their families. Please give people the CHOICE to make their own medical decisions. 
I truly do not feel that there is enough data to validate vaccinating young children. We as adults and parents need to truly consider the risk before we impose this on our children. We need to fully understand the that will ramifications that will last their lifetime and possibly their children’s lifetime. 
I extremely oppose the Covid-19 vaccination mandate, especially for minors. 
I do not agree with mandating this vaccine for 5-12 year olds. Their risk from dying of covid is VERY low and I should be able to choose what I put in my child’s body. 
Please, for the sake of our kids..do not approve this new therapeutic (covid vaccine) for kids younger than 17 years of age. 
I strongly oppose Covid vaccines for children! Our grandchildren had Covid with zero symptoms and now they have natural antibodies. I personally have known many people with terrible adverse reactions to the vaccine. We will not allow it for our children.
These covid 19 vaccines should jnder no circumstances be authorized for children! It's bad enough they're being distributed to adults but to vaccinate children who virtually have 0 risk for covid 19 is absolutely ridiculous! 
I am strongly against the COVID-19 vaccine approval for children. Current evidence suggests that its risk outweighs its potential benefit.
For God's sake, REALLY look at the data! The benefit of these shots definitely DOES NOT outweigh the risks! DO NOT APPROVE THESE SHOTS!! 
Please do not poison our children for profits. There is no necessity for this in children. This is dangerous and criminal!!
We would highly recommend requiring vaccines for for school aged children. With the mortality rate of Covid less than that of the common flu virus, we strongly urge FDA not to support this mandate.
PLEASE DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN! California Parents will NOT be given a choice as Newsom has already mandated this as a requirement for ALL children ages 5 and up to attend public school in person UPON FDA APPROVAL. Most school boards in CA will NOT grant religious exemptions! A 0.0007% fatality rate for ALL kids under 18 in America is NO GROUND FOR AUTHORIZATION. 
Please don’t approve COVID vax for 5-11 year old children. It is unnecessary and there are too many side effects from this vax. I know people who have died and been injured by this shot.
 I am opposed to the proposed vaccination authorization of children 5-11 years old. The potential risks outweigh the possible benefits. 
I am imploring you to stop this madness! If you believe the science and ignore the POLITICS - there is no scientific data that shows kids are in any danger of passing this virus or that kids are vulnerable of dying from this virus. How dare you consider even deciding this for our children. This is medical tyranny! Please STOP THIS NOW!!!!
Mandating any medical procedure is immoral, when combined with an experimental procedure (such as the Covid vaccines) it become criminal. What happened to "Do no harm?"
I am vehemently against vaccinating our children with an experimental vaccine when they are not at any significant risk of the disease that the vaccine is said to prevent against. We are seeing all over the world that it is not working the way it was supposed to and this is a therapy that is still in trials. This is a crime against our children and humanity. 
 As a parent and educated individual, I don’t think that the risks outweigh the benefits for children. While there are parents who may feel like it is necessary to vaccinate their child for whatever reason, a healthy child is not at risk and should not be subject to an experimental drug.
I STRONGLY ask you to not pass any regulations or amend the EUA to include youth 5-11 years old to vaccinate our kids!! 
There is absolutely no logical reason that children should be required to have the Co-vid 19 vaccine. It’s effectiveness - or said effectiveness is below what happens when a child may in fact get the illness. The risks of the vaccine do not outweigh the benefits. 
Please please DO NOT force this on our children!! I do not consent!
Follow the precautionary principle and decline the use of novel products in adolescents who are at no serious risks from the diseasr.
These are crimes against humanity - We, the people must protect the children from COVI19 vaccine. Thank you.
This is an experimental vaccine with unknown long term health problems that you are trying to force on people to fight a virus with a 99% survival rate, enough already, stop this insanity, you are not my doctor and you do not get to make decisions for my family.
Please vote no on mandating COVID-19 vaccines for children ages 5-11. Their risk of serious cases and long-term symptoms are incredibly low and long term studies with true inert placebo control groups must be performed to determine safety before any kind of requirements are even discussed. Vote NO on mandating COVID-19 vaccines for children! 
Since children are handling covid exceptionally well, why don't you wait a couple of years to see the true impact of this EUA product on adults? This would be a very real way to keep the children safe in case time proves undesirable outcomes on adults. 
As children virtually always recover from COVID infections, there’s no need at all to expose them to the possible risk of this vaccination.
Leave our kids alone! Children do not need this death jab!
 Likelihood of a COVID pediatric death is .0006%. There have been 499 US pediatric COVID deaths out of 80 million children—(most, if not all, had pre-existing conditions) A vaccine or vaccine mandate for this age group is not warranted.
Keep you greedy paws off my kids and their health. 
There is no need to inject children at low risk for Covid, these injections will cause more harm than good. Children have done extremely well the last 18 months and most have already had it, this is a colossal money and power grab, my children will not take this experiment!
The FDA is a criminally corrupt organization totally owned and controlled by the pharmaceutical industry. Shut it down.
The kids aren't getting sick please leave them alone. They don't need an experimental drug.
The experimental CoVid vaccines have not been sufficiently Safety Tested and should not be used on children of any age. According to current scientific data, children are basically immune to CoVid - except where there are underlying illnesses - and therefore CoVid vaccines are unnecessary. Children are our future and must not be subject to unnecessary vaccination. 
I am adamantly opposed to a Covid vaccine mandate for any child. The cons far outweigh any pro. This vaccine has harmed thousands and killed over 16000. What will it do to our children? Stop the mandates!
I feel there are more side effects with these drugs than the media is telling us. I don't feel our kids at this age should be subjected to these drugs that we have no idea what the long terms effects will be. There is not enough data!
No forced vaccinations! No mandates. Leave our children alone. No more. 
To Whom it may Concern,I am writing to you to let you know that I do not support vaccine mandates. I believe in making the vaccines available, but not forcible. I want to feel proud of my country that was built on the foundation of freedom. Let's take this opportunity to show young people today that we are still free to make our own choices. Thank you so much for your time and consideration. 
Given the FDAs history of approving dangerous and ineffective drugs while taking money from pharmaceutical companies, mandating vaccines is unethical and unAmerican.
Please do not make our children test subjects for the vaccine. I understand you will be voting on this the 26th of October. Leave our children alone.
Children do not need to be injected with the COVID vaccine. They are one of the groups with the lowest infection rates! Please do not allow this experimental shot to be given to them!!!!
Please don’t approve this in children until it has been well studied and adverse effects documented!
Please do not inject the experimental agent into the kids before more clinical proof of safety. Please take our kids’ lives seriously. If you are parents or grandparents that have little kids, you may have the same concern. Put the kids’ life and future first. Thank you for your kind consideration 
Covid is less harmful than the vaccines in this age group.
Please allow parents to make this decision on their own, as they always have. Each family has different circumstances and this is not a “one size fits all” situation. Parents need to be allowed to make this choice just as adults are. 
I oppose to vaccinating small kids with Covid vaccine as there too many side effects and there us not enough time to see the full impact of such vaccine on children’s health. 
I’m against mandating the COVID vaccine for children. The science shows the risk of adverse reactions and side effects does not outweigh the benefit of the vaccine in children.
Do not commit further atrocities, leave these children alone, instead make public the right treatments for covid-19 as we have seen that our dear political gentlemen have been treated in less than a week see Silvio Berlusconi, Boris Johnson, Donald Trump .. The cures are there but they do not want to give them because there is the only interest in injecting this stuff to everyone.
I will not covid vax my kids. They will ve removed from public schools
My husband and I are not comfortable giving our children a vaccine that hasn’t been tested for long term effects. We feel mandating a vaccine takes away our freedom and right to choose. All our 5 children are up to date with their immunizations because those vaccines have been tested more thoroughly. Please consider our children’s best interests. 
Please do not approve vaccination of children, and halt all vaccination of individuals 30 and under. The studies are not even complete and there have been far too many deaths and serious injuries. We cannot use our children as human shields, they must be protected from these harmful vaccines that they will get no benefit from.
Mandatory masks and vaccines are against my children’s medical liberties and I do not want my children subject to these mandates any longer. 
Do Not approve the shots for covid19 for children. Children are Not a high risk group. Only the Elderly. Say No since too many young teenagers are suffering and dying from blood clots and heart damage. Do the right thing and protect the people
Please do not force this on our children. There hasn't been enough time to know all the side effects.
Absolutely NOT mandating the vaccine for our youngsters or any of us! This is un American and the government needs to stay out out! How do you feel about vaccinating your own kids or grandkids with an unknown long term effects vaccine???!
I adamantly oppose vaccine and mask mandates for children. PLEASE do not harm or kill our children!!
I do not believe there should be a mandate on this vaccine in particular. No local or large government should have more power over my child than I as his mother do.
Sars-cov-2 has never been isolated. That is scientific fact. Do not approve this experimental gene therapy for children. Please stand up and make the right decision. The truth has no agenda. Humanity needs warriors to stand up. Be that warrior. Do not approve this poison for children. 
There is absolutely NO reason to mandate a Covid-19 vaccine to children. They are very low risk and there IS NO POSSIBLE WAY to know what the long term effects will be on them. 
As a parent and a citizen I am 100% against any mandates the violating my civil rights. I do not believe in the vaccine nor do I believe it is A public health necessity. I will not take your so called vaccine and I will not force my children to take your so called vaccine. Our bodies our choice.
I am absolutely in opposition to any proposed COVID-19 vaccine mandates for children. Children are low risk to the disease and do not pose a threat to community transmission. This decision belongs to parents not government bureaucrats. 
Stop the madness. Stand up for humanity. Do not allow these injections to ruin the lives of millions of children. 
Where there is a risk there must always be a choice. No vaccine is safe and effective for all. Especially when one is rushed through. Vaccine mandates are wrong.
Stop mandating what we should do with our bodies. Freedom of choice !!! No vaccine mandates in America !!
I strongly oppose mandatory vaccines for children. I have found many studies that question the reward of such a risky vax, when children are at a very low risk of a severe case of covid currently. 
No. The risks of the experimental RNA treatment far outweigh any benefits to children or even adults. PLEASE STOP this. LOOK at that REAL DATA. 
Please do not mandate these unsafe vaccines for children. You know they cause injury and death. Just STOP!!!
This is a comment against approval of the emergency use act for COVID vaccines for 5-11 year olds. Any possible benefit does not outweigh the risks that have come to light at this time.
Outrageous! Stop mandating a novel “vaccine” to the public. Please have some compassion and dignity for other humans. Allow our choices for our bodies be our own. 
No mandates for children for covid. It's a parents choice and Long term effects are not known for these vaccines. 
See VAERS DB for details on potential medical issues for Covid-19 vaccines:https://openvaers.com/covid-data For the VAERS DB details as evidence, I am firmly against using Pfizer-BioNTech's on children. The only exception are for children that have severe medical condition(s) that would cause them to be less than 95% survival rate if they contracted Covid-19.
Absolutely should not be given. The risk of life long side effects is much higher from vaccine then from the illness. There is pandemic of covid in children. 
I will not vaccinate my children with the covid 19 vaccine. There is absolutely no reason they need this . There’s no research on long term effects and I will not test that on my child ! 
Please, just simple, NO VACCINE FOR KIDS! we still don’t know all the harm that these vaccines can cause and kids have a great survival rate for Covid, no necessary to vaccinate them. Please, let people live in peace and choosing what it goes in our bodies!
No covid 19 vaccines are in a trial experimental phase gene therapy MRNA medication which should not be administered to children aged 5-11 as there is no long term data available as evidence and the short term data suggests there are risks. 
This vaccine has not gone through the normal regulatory and testing processes that most all vaccines to come before it have. In fact, clinical trials for the Pfizer vaccine are not even scheduled for completion until May of 2023 -- nearly two years from now! Please do not use our children at test subjects for this vaccine. 
I don’t co-parent with the government. Keep your experimental drug out of my kid. 
No mandatory vaccinations for kids 5-11. This is not ok given statistics to protect children
Do NOT mandate COVID-19 vaccines for children. The data is clear that they are not at risk of the disease and it makes no sense to expose them to the adverse effects of the vaccine vaccine to protect the elderly.https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221475002100161X?via%3Dihub
I I don't want the government telling me what to put in my body. It's my body my choice nor do my children or grandchildren. These mandates must stop.
These vaccines were rushed to market and no one, especially our children should be injected with something that is potentially deadly. Children will die and it will not be from the Covid 19. Please protect our children.
Vaccinating young children to protect them from a virus that does not threaten their well being and that said children do not readily transmit is madness. Mandating that they be vaccinated is tyrannical, if not evil. History will judge this to have been catastrophic both due to long term physical and mental health ramifications, and it’s assault on God given liberty.
Children ages 5 yrs and up don't need this shot it is experimental, there is no scientific reason to administer as the children have a 99% rate of recovery. 
I implore you to make the moral and ethical decision here. Studies are showing that children are at extremely low risk when it comes to covid. How can it be justified to gamble on their health and future.
I oppose the use of the COVID-19 vaccination mandate for children. I do not believe there is enough evidence-based research to support this as a mandate as opposed to a choice made between parents and the individual child’s medical provider.
No mandate to vaccinated my grandchildren. It is a parents choice whether we want our children to be vaccinated or not. 
I oppose to this mandate because COVID 19 vaccine is NOT A VACCINE similar to Polio or Mumps vaccine. This COVID 19 is a jab as it doesn't contain the virus. Please stop this madness!
Children absolutely do not need a toxic gene altering therapy to deal with Covid-19 or it’s variants. Please do the right thing and think about your own children, or children’s children. This is unnecessary and all focused on profits, not health and wellness.
Please no mandatory vaccines. Its against the Nuremberg code! It should be a choice not mandated.
Covid-19 is not statistically dangerous to young people. They should not be getting a vaccine with no long term data on them. At best, it should be left to the parents to decide for their dependents. 
I am not okay to have my child vaccinated with this new technology covid vaccine. Do not make it mandatory has kids have the lowest risk in dying of covid. 
It is criminal that you would even consider giving children the Covid shots. Children are at no risk of death from contracting Covid, but they are at risk of dying and having life-long severe affects from getting the shots. This would definitely be a crime against humanity. Have you no conscience?
I do NOT believe that children 5-11 should be vaxxed! These shots are to new and the long term effects are NOT known.
As a biologist I hereby state that the short and long term effects of the vaccine are not conclusive. There is a lot of harm that is reported but government agencies are hiding it. Be transparent and leave the children alone.
This goes against medical freedom to require a shot that is not even fda approved and with no long term studies! Doing so would cause many to pull kids out of school taking money away from schools. This will damage the school system 
No mandates for anyone, be that adult or child for any medical drugs or medical procedures EVER, especially on products that are experimental and not proven safe. No man or institution has a say in what goes into another's body. PERIOD 
I oppose mandatory covid vaccination of children. Please let parents decide if the benefits outweigh the risks for their own children. 
These vaccines should NOT be approved or definitely NOT be mandated for children. They have not even been tested on animals! Who knows what the long term side effects are from this vaccine? This is a loss of freedom. Parents should be able to make this Choice for their children;NOT the government!!!!!
I STRONGLY disagree with the need to vaccine children. This virus does NOT effect children enough to warrant the push for a vaccine. Especially a vaccine that is so new and experimental. I am shocked this vaccine push is even being considered. 
Leave the kids alone! They do not need mRNA vaccines! This is an abomination of health care!!! NO VACCINES FOR KIDS!
I am completely against mandating vaccines for kids. Especially when it's not a real vaccine because it does not provide long term immunity. Furthermore there is not enough science on the vaccine to justify a mandate.
NO. And NO. https://www.kwtx.com/2021/10/08/attorney-covid-vaccine-given-family-including-small-kids-instead-flu-shots/ https://openvaers.com/openvaers/1261766 
The science stands with children having no need for this experimental vaccine. We all know this. Leave the children alone. We don't need anymore deaths and horrible side effects for our children..02% does not constitute necessity.
Children should not be subject to experimental vaccines. They are still developing and should have every opportunity to stay healthy and free of bad side effects. We don’t know the long term effects of the vaccine. Studies have shown kids aren’t not in a high risk category so another reason why this should not be mandated 
As you should already know young healthy people are at far more risk from the vaccines than Covid as per CDC, VAERS, and WHO data. Please do not recommend any of them for young people.
These shots are not necessary and it goes against our human rights to protect our bodies from being mandated to get them. Our children need to be protected against The data is not there to know the harm that could be caused in them! This goes against our Bill of Rights!!!
Absolutely no covid vaccine mandates for any children! No mandates for adults either. Children do not need an experimental drug in their body. Who will pay later when the side effects are happening? Keep our children SAFE! No covid vaccines for them PERIOD! Way to dangerous to experiment on our precious children! SAVE THE CHILDREN FROM THIS MONSTER VACCINE!!!!! Just say NO!!!!!
Please stop this Covid vaccine mandate. These shots are deadly. 
As a parent I have the choice to choose how I raise my child I should also be able to make a decision on their health care if not what is the difference between this country and communist China?
There is ABSOLUTELY NO reason to mandate a vaccine for children ages 5-11. NONE. Just like there is no reason to mandate it for children ages 12-17. Leave our children alone. These shots have been rushed, and there are more injuries because of them then serious cases of COVID especially for this age group. Leave our children alone. 
Please do not mandate the covid vaccine for children. Protect our kids, this vaccine will do more harm than good
The Covid vaccine should not be mandated for kids. It is completely unnecessary and potentially harmful as it has not been around long enough to detect any possible long term side effects. 
I oppose! Mandating a new vaccine for children is unacceptable! That should be a decision for the parents and their doctor! This vaccine is not a one size fits all. Where there is risk, there must be choice!
I am not OK with the government mandating vaccines for children or adults! It is our freedom to decide what goes in our bodies, not the government! 
We The People are tired of these vaccines being forced on anyone!! It is illegal to mandate them and illegal to be forced to take them!! Please do your research before voting! 
I completely disagree with vaccinations of children. That decision is up to the parents and the parents alone.. I can't get any more simple than that
Our children should not be used as guinea pigs for this c-19 genetic manipulation vaccines. Please follow laws and we need 10+ years of data before you can make a statement that it is safe. Please research and make public adverse reactions. 
There is no reason to vaccinate children with an unknown vaccine. Children from 5-11 have a 99.999 survivable rate so giving them this vaccine is just un necessary. The vaccine has been shown not to prevent infection and not to prevent spread so what is to be gained with so much to possibly be lost.
Please honor and respect the rights of all parents to make medical decisions regarding their children! No Emergency Use Authorization is needed.
The data is clear. Children DO NOT NEED this vaccine! Their immune system is more than capable of fighting this virus. If it's money they are after, people would gladly pay to NOT get it.
There are no proven benefits for children to receive the covid 19 vaccine. There are only risks. This vaccine is still experimental and children shouldn’t be experimented on being that they have no voice on matters like being vaccinated in order to attend school. Thank you. 
There is absolutely no justification of benefit over cost to vaccinate children with the currently available vaccines for Covid-19. The likelihood of grievous injury to a child from Covid-19 is far less than the known and potential inuries of these vaccines to children. In 2-5 years we may have much more definitive information that indicates benefit over cost, but NOW is not the time.
This is a BIG NO!!! I’m standing up for our children! There is no reason this vaccine becomes mandated.
This so called vaccine was not thoroughly tested for adults much less for children. Perhaps when executive branch, congress and the supreme court members are mandated to get the vaccine, then perhaps we look at the safety of our most vulnerable.
I am against vaccinated of children. First of all kids are extreme risk of getting severe Covid. Secondly, kids are more likely to get injured from vacine. Thirdly, more side effects with kids from vaccine that will hurt them in the long run. Please, no vaccines for kids. Also, aborted cells used in vaccines. Killing of human Life. 
Keep your money grubbing hands off our kids! One death from this experimental jab is one too many. 
I am extremely concerned at this push to vaccinate children for something they have a 99.9% recovery if they even get it !!! Children need to build natural immunity which has NO risk. This “ vaccine” has NO safety study in children ( nor adults for that matter). Leave our children alone.
If this is approved this will be detrimental to schools. Many parents like myself are ready to pull their children out of the school system and homeschool if this gets approved. Don’t be the reason schools close! 
Do NOT mandate these vaccines for our children. Normal vaccines undergo EXTENSIVE animal and human testing for years before they are adjudged safe for long term results. We are playing Russian roulette with the reproductive futures of our kids and with whatever fetus might develop. Do you remember thalidomide? I do!
I do not believe it is wise to require 5 to 12 year olds to be vaccinated against Covid 19 due to the fact that they have a 99.9% chance of survival rate and there will be side effects that are unknown at this point.
NO COVID vaccines for children 5-11 YO. Thank you.
No one trusts you anymore, especially when you try to make a mandate. Stop. No one, especially a form of pseudo sub government agency, gets to tell me what to do to my body. Especially when it is an injection that has killed hundreds of thousands of people. Go home and mind your own personal life, get out of everyone else's lives. We don't want you or need you. Shut up and close up.
Please do not mandate mask or vaccines for our young children. It is untested and unproven. The long term effect are unknown and the risk is far greater!P Wes Pattillo
Children do not need these shots. They have very little symptoms and recover fully from COVID unless they have an underlying health issue.Why are you trying to experiment on children? This is WRONG!! The only people that should have these shots are people who want them, have low immune systems, or elderly! The risk of the vaccination is too great with no reward!!
This takes away a parents right to choose what is best medically for their own child. I will be pulling my child from any school with a mandate. And I will be fully supporting and donating money to the politicians that are against the mandate and helping find ways to get our tax dollars out of the school system. 
Please do NOT mandate a vaccine for a subset of the population who has so little risk from the Covid illness, especially since the vaccine does not stop them from carrying it. IT IS NOT WORTH THE RISK of the unknown for our children.
I call upon this agency to stand up against the pressures of the government and say No to this pressure of vaccinating children. Historically, this organization has followed rigorous processes to ensure the safety of humans before a drug is approved. Be bold and courageous and do what is right by protecting the children. Do not allow the vaccine on children. 
I do not agree with this, this isn't right you are forcing the vaccine on us and our older kids thats hard enough with all the vaccine injuries, now are little children this isn't right or okay 
I oppose the use of vaccine for children in this age bracket. These vaccines are still in trials and children should NOT be exposed to an experimental vaccine. 
Hello, I will like to comment on the covid vaccine mandate for covid 19. I am opposed of the mandate and extremely against the mandate. We as parents and tax payers should have the right to choose what is best for our children. No child should be left behind due to vaccine statues. This Ill and sickening to the nation of our children. 
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
I urge you, in whatever capacity you have, to resist any effort to mandate covid vaccines for children. Where there’s risk, there must be choice. Thank you.
We are firmly against mandating the COVID-19 vaccine to children ages 5-11. This should 100% be the parents choice, not the FDA, not the government or any other enterprise.
As a mother and a voter, I am opposed to mandating the COVID 19 vaccine for children. You are putting our children’s health at risk with a vaccine with unknown long term side effects. Asking for you to reconsider and reverse this decision and the oppose the decisions made by Gov Newson CA. 
I'm am writing to urge you not to mandate covid vaccines for children between the ages of 5 and 12.
Children have superior immunity and as such DO NOT require a Covid-19 vaccine. You have already injured and killed too many children. It is now well known that the vaccines DO NOT reduce transmission or hospitalization. 
We deserve the right to decide what’s good for our children. Statistics do not prove they are in danger. 
There is no reason for a child to get the Vaccine. It should be a parents choice not forced in order to attend school. There should be no mandate! People should have freedom of choice. I do not feel comfortable with the vaccine. 
I am a mother of an 11 year old son and do not wish to have my child Vaccinated against covid. The reason I feel this way is because the benefits do not out way the risks. Also, there are no long term studies that show this vaccine is safe. Please do not approve covid vaccines for young children. 
Please reject the request to allow Covid vaccination in children 5-11. The risks are 100% unknown and developing children are NOT small adults. Covid survival rate in this age group is 99.99815%. Vaccination is unwarranted and the benefits do NOT outweigh the risks.
It is nit your decision to have young children vaccinated> The decision belongs to the parents, guardians and others that care for these children. We are not an autocratic governed country. If you choose to do this, you will have more push back than you have ever dreamed of!
Do not vaccinate our children!! Our body our choice 
As a parent, I must object to the mandate of this vaccine to children. This should be a parent's decision, not government mandate. It is clearly overstepping the medical rights of parent's and personal rights as well. 
379 Ivermectin deaths in 25 years versus 16,766 deaths from the vaccine in 10 months. WHATS GOING ON HERE?? Is the FDA in bed with Big Pharma??
This mandate violates every right of every American in this country. Y’all wanna claim “my body, my choice” for every other medical decision in this country (ex: abortions, sex changes, etc.) but then want to mandate that my family and I have to get a vaccine that has not been proven effective let alone safe. I am completely against a vaccine mandate for any American, especially for children. 
STOP POISONING OUR CHILDREN & OUR ENTIRE WORLDWIDE POPULATION WITH YOUR ENDLESS VAXXXINATIONS!!! WE DO NOT CONSENT.GOVERN YOURSELVES ACCORDINGLY…
I’m appalled that vaccine mandates are being considered for children! This is not a pandemic, when there’s a 99.8% survival rate. Stop this nonsense now. My children will not be vaccinated. 
Please do not vaccinate young children with a genetic modifying inoculation which is currently called a vaccine.
I do not approve mandating vaccines to individuals let alone children. This is a free country and mandating anything would go against what America was founded on. 
I say no to this vaccine that is still in the experimental stage. Do not poison our children!
To all of you that feel you can play God with our children, you will meet a stiff resistance! We will not comply with your tyrannical control! Only parents have the right to make decisions for our most precious souls! No mandates for this poison you call vaccine. This is about control and we will not comply!
I strongly encourage the VRBPAC to oppose the premature approval of Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccination. 
Compulsory Vaccines is the crimes against humanity! FDA should NOT approve such an experimental gene therapy on the children. Otherwise, FDA is not only condemned by moral and conciseness but also held accountable for anti-human crimes manifested in Nuremberg code.
There is no data supporting this vaccine for kids under 17, they were not at risk for Covid , and they are still not, adverse reactions are still being determined. This is irresponsible and unacceptable 
Vaccines for children 5-12. Children do not catch covid almost never and may risk adverse reactions more readily. This age group has very mild symptoms and does not account for even 1 percent of deaths. No mandates
These vaccines have dangerous side effects for children. Please do not approve unreliable vaccines for children. Thanks!
Please do not do this. My Uncle had the vaccine that was supposed to be safe and is disabled by a stroke! Nothing wrong until the vaccine! Do NOT do this to our kids. There is not enough evidence this is safe nor effective! Data showing the opposite is being surpresed and hidden. Do not do this! 
I am firmly against the approval for COVID 19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
There is no need for children to receive a vaccine for a virus they don’t die from. Stop trying to mandate this madness.
I dont want covid vaccine to be mandated i know its Poison. And i dont want my children to be required to get the covid vaccine. 
Please oppose the EUA of the covid vaccine for ages 5-11. There is not enough long term data to prove it is safe. Our children are the least susceptible group and may be harmed with unnecessary health consequences. 
My whole amily have the natural antibodies what a out us ? What about freedom of choice.. what about our chid our chooice..
Please please pass the EUA for 5-12 year olds asap. I have a 3 and 5 year old and I worry all the time that I don’t have this widely used and accepted form of protection available for my children. 
We do not know the long term side effects of these vaccines. Adverse reactions (which are more likely with children than the actual COVID illness) can/will cause undue hardships or even loss is life. There are too many unknowns to qualify this is safe for our children. 
Children do not need a Covid 19 shot! It is to dangerous, and besides, if they have a 99% plus survival rate from Covid why would you force something on themwhich does harm ? I do not want my Grandchildren to get the shots ! The program needs to be stopped immediately! Just look at the VAERS site! You are complicated in the DEATHS OF THOUSANDS!
Our immune system is stronger than the vaccine that doesn’t keep them from getting it. Let these kids be! They have too many required vaccines to begin with. #wewillnotcomply
Strongly oppose covid vaccines for 5-11 year olds. The vaccine is too new to be experimenting with it on our youth
Please do not approve the vaccine for children. We have an immune system for a reason. Children should not be forced this vaccine when the children that have gotten it have health problems now. I watched a little girl shake and shake last night. Please 
Say NO to vaccines for kids of Amy age who aren't affected by covid 19!
Kids don't spread Covid, they don't get symptoms. Hospitals are not being over run by kids and aren't dying from it. Kids are having similar symptoms as a flu shot. So as a flu it should be optional like a flu shot. More importantly the lack of long term study of the adverse effects are not there, so why risk our children. I DO NOT conset to vaccinate my child. 
I will not let my kids to be an experiment for our Government! I will never ever allowed this! Just remember this we will never stop fighting for our kids…
Do not be telling parents what to do with their children, these injections have not been around and tested long enough for anyone as far as I’m concerned, children should not be subjected to it, parents are the ones to make their children’s decisions, NOT the Government!!!!!!!
Protect our kids! Don't approve this clot shot PLEASE. May God have mercy on your souls if you do. His wrath will be on your greedy ways and He knows everything.
The shot does not stop transmission. No shot in history is mandated, why this, why now? Everyother shot has opt out options, why not this one? 
No! I will not submit my children to a vaccine that HAS NOT been properly researched, HAS NOT undergone proper human or animal trials and HAS NOT been suspended due to thousands of adverse events. NO vaccine mandate for Covid 19 or any of the Covid variants.NO!
We will not allow you to experiment on our children. Our children are not for sale. 
I am heartily against vaccinating children for covid!
Absolutely do not support mandating or using covid 19 vaccines in children. We have already seen significant harms in 12-18yr olds, caution is prudent in even younger children where risks of a significant outcome with illness are negligible, the risk of harm from vaccine adverse events greatly outweighs potential benefit. Study and long term safety must be established.
PLEASE do not make the Vaccines a mandate for adults and certainly not children! It is our right to decide what we put into our bodies and our children as well! I am for protecting all of our rights as American citizens and this includes the right to choose. Please VOTE NO to the mandate. Thank you 
As a United States citizen and Colorado resident, I am extremely concerned about the approval of the Covid vaccination for our children who are at extremely minimal risk for catching Covid. Please request that you do not approve for vaccinations for our little ones until there are years of clinical studies. Thank you for your time.
The vaccines are not fully vetted and safe for adults much less children of this age. Take a look at the VAERS system, the public is highly unaware of the massive amounts of issues that have occurred. Project Veritas has also revealed that the scientists working on the vaccines are aware of issues such as myocardia, yet once again, the public is highly unaware.
I will not allow my children to be vaccinated. If this becomes mandated, I will be pulling them out of public schools.
I oppose covid vaccinations for children 5-12 years old. It’s unnecessary and the risks outweigh the benefit. I’ve had family members have severe reactions to the adult vaccines. 
Hello, I am not ready to give my five year old a vaccine that has only been out for less than a year.
I am 100# opposed to vaccine mandates. This is America and I am FREE TO CHOOSE for myself AND MY CHILDREN.
Children are at zero risk from Sarscov2 infection. In stark contrast there are serious life-threatening adverse events from the covid vaccines documented in young people. We MUST Do NO HARM. Protect our children from this experimental product PLEASE.No mandated CV vaccines.
These vaccines should be pulled! This vaccines have already be proven not to do what was claimed. Adults are dying from these vaccines! Our children deserve better from our government! Children are not lab rats! They should NOT be introduced to these deadly vaccines. 
I am AGAINST any mandates requiring adults or children to get the vaccine! We are a free country and we the people deserve the freedom to choose what is best for us based on our convictions, not the government’s. 
They're is not sufficient long term data to warranty mandatory vaccines for everyone including children
It's very hard to believe you would even consider giving the young the Covid vaccine!Covid doesn't affect them; doesn't harm them; and they don't spread it.And your policy works to weaken their natural immune systems.Stop it!
Please look at the adverse affects of this vaccine on adults! Why would we take a chance on our kids?!
To require vaccinations for young children is not only un American but I have seen absolutely no evidence to support such a move. Grow a backbone and remember what your oath was all about to serve, not destroy.
Children should never get this shot. The science behind this shot is Not a vaccine! Innocent children should not be forced to get the CCP virus “vaccine”!
Kids 5-11 don’t need the COVID shots!!! Vote it down!!!
I am opposed to the unlawful potential mandate of the COVID-19 vaccine mandate for kids 5-11 to attend school. This is a parent choice and should not be forced onto a population that is rarely affected. 
I am writing to ask the FDA to hold off on vaccinations for Covid 19 for 5-11 year old children. There has not been long term studies done on humans to find out the long term effect from this vaccine. Children recover from Covid in the 99%+ ratio. There is no need to vaccinate children at this time or perhaps ever. Thank you for your time and attention to this matter.
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 IS NO GROUND FOR AUTHORIZING. 
Children are not at risk. Make vaccine manufacturers liable again before mandating this vaccine
It is at the very least unnecessary and at the most tragic to subject children (who usually have robust immune systems) to a “vaccine” with such a short and troubling history and sort period of actual testing. Please come to your senses and do not do this. 
Kids are at VERY minimal risk of COVID. Please do not force a “vaccine” on them. STOP!
5 is way too young for something that has NO data for safety!!!
Dear Sirs: You already know these vaccines are scientifically unjustified. You know they are killing people in unprecedented numbers. I am adding my voice as a reminder to you that the legal justice system will be acting soon on the perpetrators and collaborators with these evil deeds. I urge you to do the right thing and stop these so called vaccines. 
“And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea.” God knows and sees all!
After seeing all the deaths and jab related heart problems and ongoing health issues this is child abuse to make children take the shot. The science does not support children having to take the jab. 
No reason to give vaccinations to children at little to no risk of Covid EUA for children is equal to experimenting on them. Hold approved until age appropriate trials are complete in 2023. Or revoke manufacturer liability. Then let the market decide how safe they feel these are for children
Don't even think of vaxxing young children. Period.
No mandated vaccine for children ages 5-12 that’s just wrong.
No COVID vaccine for children! This is insanity to force this. Parents have the right to choose. 
This vaccine is too new. Please wait a few years before mandating for kids.
Giving a vaccine to children who are in the lowest risk population is diabolical. Mandating a vaccine for persons who have antibodies from recovering from Covid is insane. Where is the science here? 
I will not be vaccinating my children against Covid as they are not at risk. Your data even says this much smh. I also have natural immunities so I will not be joining your vaccine study either. FDA approval means very little. History has shown that much. Bide your time. Come after my kids and you’ll wish you hadn’t.
Do not mandate Covid vaccines for children. Or anyone for that matter. You have no long term studies
Children do not need a vaccine for a disease with a 99% recovery rate. There has not been enough time to properly investigate the long term effects of the vaccine and it has been proven that it does not stop the spread. 
There is no reason children should be getting the Covid shots when the recovery rate is 99.97 and we have no idea what the long term affects are. Children and adults should be given the opportunity to be treated with therapeutics that have proven to work. The government should not be forcing people to be experimental lab rats.
The science to prevent these God gifts to us our children does not out worthy the long term risk of these vaccine Please save the I enicent souls 
I oppose the premature approval of the Pfzer Covid 19 vaccine.
I am against "mandated shots" for my young children. It should be our decisions, as parents, if they receive medical treatment. The so-called vaccinations are experimental. Shame on you for even thinking it's something to inflict on our children who have a 99.9% rate of recovery IF they get covid. 
Covid is a minimal threat to children and no one knows the long term effects of this experimental "vaccine". Countless reports of severe reactions have been made and it is as if those cases are being IGNORED! Stop creating more health problems for our country and world! Protect our children instead of injecting them with unproven substances.
We cannot give any vaccine to our children without long term studies!
NO Vaccine Mandates for Children and Adults!! STOP This NOW!!!!!
I don't feel as though there has been enough research on these vaccines for children. I know too many people that have died or major side effects. Please our body our choice not yours or the government
I don’t agree with vaccines for children. It is absolutely against the constitution of the United States to mandate any health care choice. Don’t do it. 
These vaccines are killing people. Children don’t need to be injected with this! This is a crime. 
I strongly oppose the use of COVID vaccinations for children. The risks far outweigh the benefits. The survival rate for children is so high! 
This is not logical to give vaccinations to a population of people (children 5-11) that are not in danger of severe covid symptoms or death. Please reconsider this insanity.Kathleen
Please stop the Covid vaccinations on children! It’s brought more harm than good on all ages. 
I suggest that kids should not be subject of an experiment because we still don't have enough information of all long term effects of these shots.
This should never be mandated to do the Covid vaccination on children. You are violating the Nuremberg code and you will be held accountable.
The Covid vaccine conflicts with my sincerely held religious beliefs, which includes keeping my and my child’s body free and pure from unwanted intrusions.I pray every day that you do not approve these vaccines for 5-11 year old children, who have robust and healthy immune systems that already protect them from serious disease and death.
Please consider NOT mandating COVID vaccines for children. Give parents the choice wether or not to vaccinate their own children until more time for long term testing has been done. Wearing masks and on-site school testing is working.
We will never inject any of my children with your experimental drugs. We all had covid they were sick for 1 day. One single day, not even physically I'll, was controlled with advil. Get out of here. Trying to save adults who dont take any pride or effort in their own health care. Dont kill the children to save these unhealthy adults who should know better.
Please reconsider voting for vaccination of our children in the age ranges of 5-11!!
You will be murdering and maiming our precious children by mandating this shot! This is outrageous. How can you support this knowing the number of adults who have died from this shot! 
Children should not be mandated to be given this vaccine there isn’t enough long term studies and the information we already have shows too many adverse effects especially in this age group.
Please DO NOT mandate this "vaccine" for children!
The statistics show that many children will be harmed. Stop this insanity. You know the harm you are causing for profit. No mandates!
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUNDS FOR AUTHORIZATION
Please leave our kids alone! The Covid19 virus poses little threat to young people, especially children, and we do not know the long-term effects of these vaccines. This should not be some sort of clinical trial for drug companies. It is beyond ridiculous.
Our children do not need a vaccine from Covid when there is a 99.9% chance of survival rate! They showed the least amount of symptoms than any of us! there is absolutely no need for a vaccine for these kids! I strongly urge you to reconsider allowing children to be vaccinated for Covid!You know the research does not support it! money should never be the most important thing! DO THE RIGHT THING!!!
I feel as a parent I know whats best for my children and I should have a right to choose if I want to vaccinate my child or not. Also there hasn’t been enough testing on the vaccine to give to our children.
Why do Children need to be vaccinated against everything? There are enough not bribed scientific studies out there that a healthy immune system is doing a MUCH better job than ANY vaccines (which basically have the sole purpose of filling corporations pockets!)
Please do NOT think about giving these untested, unproven, dangerous shots to children. Those that are taken from their families too young and those harmed for life are on you!! You know this is a very dangerous thing to do to humanity especially innocent children!! 
Kids do Not need to be vaccinated for COVID. They are minimal risk of getting or transmitting COVID per the CDC and other studies. They have natural immunity. Leave children alone!
Do not tell parents to put the COVID “vaccine” into their children!!! People are dieing from that injection! We have the right to decide what’s best for us and our kids!!!!!!!
I am against vaccine approval for children under 12 years old, specifically approval of 5-11 years old that is now being considered. We do not have the long term data to support this approval. More emphasis needs to be put on addressing the co-morbidities, like obesity, that make children more susceptible to severe Covid-19 illness. 
I a vehemently oppose promoting and/or instituting the experimental covid vaccine on any person, especially children, who are unable to advocate for themselves. These “vaccines” have proven to be extremely unsafe and the long term effects are unknown. 
No vaccines for children. It should also be an adults choice, stop the mask mandates, they are dangerous.
I urge you to oppose the Covid vaccination (Pfizer, Moderna, J&J, and other brands) for children. The Covid vaccine program has resulted in thousands of reported serious adverse reactions and deaths. I find it difficult to understand why the FDA would want to risk the lives of children in this manner. Please protect our children -- by recommending they DO NOT receive the Covid vaccination.
I am 100% completely against giving this vaccine to children. It is untested and unneeded.
There is still so little we know of the long term side effects from the Covid vaccines—especially on growing bodies. Please do not recommend this drug for children.
Injecting any substance into your body needs to be a choice not a mandate. I appeal to you to admonish any mandates regarding our children. Please do the right thing.
I definitely do not agree with children being mandated between ages 5 and 11, let alone mandating any age. They are not susceptible to COVID-19. Please do not pass any regulations requiring this vaccination for children. It is harmful enough for grown adults that I have watched with baby side effects and death. wasnt the FDA put in place to help not harm??
You haven’t seen a fight until you come after our children. This vaccine is unsafe and you all know it. DO NOT attempt to mandate this to children. There are enough side effect reports to sound the alarm and you all just keep ignoring them. This is an assault on the American people and we will not stop fighting for our rights and especially those of our children. Enough is enough!!!
Mandating anybody is truly communistic. I can’t believe this is what our country is turning into. Especially a child. No long turn studies! I will fight this until the end. The fda and this administration should be ashamed of themselves 
I strongly oppose mandatory vaccination for 5-11 year olds. They are among the least likely to contract the virus and the most likely to suffer adverse health effects.
I am against mandating this vaccine for children at this time. There is just not an evidence and time spent studying the long term effects. I will pull my kids out of public school if this happens. This risk is too great and there is too much unknown to vaccine against a virus that is not effecting this demographic. 
Please do not approve this vaccine for our children. There are plenty of studies to show that kids are not at risk of getting Covid, and dying from it, but we don’t know that damage this vaccine will cause in children. We have already seen that the vaccine has caused Myocarditis in many children. Please do what’s right, and don’t Pass this vaccine on our children. 
Please do not mandate this covid vaccine for children or anyone else.
Our family of 4chas all had covid already AND tested positive for the anti- bodies. We are not in favor of vaccine mandates
I have 4 kids and I am not anti vaccination. Covid-19 for kids under 18 years old the survival rate is 99.9%!!! I oppose this vaccine to mandate for kids! Specially without the proper testing and approval I am against this mandate!!!!! 
My children will not become a government experiment. They will not receive the COVID vaccine. There are no long term studies on the vaccine and I will not risk the health of my children for virus that has a 99.7% survival rate. The FDA needs to focus their efforts on effective treatments and mass producing those instead of limiting the number each state will receive. 
The risks of the covid vaccine outweigh the benefits for children. Healthy adolescents aged 12-17 who have been given covid vaccines have experienced blood clots, myocarditis, neurologic symptoms and extreme fatigue. Please do not disregard this and make children suffer needlessly.
There is no need to vaccinate children. Let their immune systems do the job they’re designed to do. Enough is enough/ leave our kids alone. 
I say no to vaccine mandates for ALL, but especially children. These inoculations are designed for an adult to do not change the dosage for children. This is an experiment on the human population that must be stopped. Our lives have been designed in the Glory of God and this design should not be tampered with by dangerous and deadly toxic ingredients. Please stop this now.
Please do not approve the childhood Covid vaccine. There is clearly still so much unknown about its effects. It would be blatant and intentional oversight to approve it at this stage. Please spare our children. 
Medical choices should be left up to the individual!!! NO vaccine mandates should be implemented.
Children are not science experiments! There is no proof that they need a vaccine for this and no proof that they even do anything. The virus itself has never been isolated and if you look at the definition of "vaccine" this shot does not even follow that definition. It is not a vaccine and children are not to be experimented on. They are gifts to be cherished and nurtured and cared for. 
It is medical freedom to not inject our children if we deem it harmful for them as parents. It is illegal to require anyone to do so.
This vaccine is pointless. The actual risk reduction is less than 1%, therefore it’d is literally asinine. 
I say no to " vaccine " jabs for children. Let's stop this insanity, fear mongering, threats, bribery, buy outs.
It should be up to the parents to vaccinate or not. Children should not be forced into getting the covid vaccine.
I do not wish children ages 5-12 getting the vaccines without their Parent approval or confirm. Thanks 
This orchestrated ‘pandemic’ is but ushering in communism to the United States of America. Forced vaccines, vaccine mandates, and authoritarian actions by our supposed president is in direct opposition to the Constitution which I swore to defend against ALL enemies foreign AND domestic. Please prevent us reliving Nazi Germany and the Holocaust.
Please let me and my wife control our children’s vaccines with our ability to research the data and make the educated choice waying both benefits and risks.
I oppose the plan to mandate vaccinations for children. The benefits do not outweigh the risks. The data does not support a need for a mandate.
The benefits of children receiving the COVID “vaccine” do NOT outweigh the known potential side effects and the unknown impacts. There are no long term studies on this technology will have on developing bodies. Children’s risk of death and serious illness from COVID is minuscule.
Children are at such a low risk of contracting covid, it is senseless to vaccinate them. The amount of adverse events are staggering from this experimental jab! This poison should be stopped immediately due to all the adverse reactions and death. This is a crime against humanity.
I do not want a vaccine mandate especially for kids.
I DO NOT support Covid vaccines for children ages 5-12. The COVID-19 risk is so minimal to children in this age group. The possibility of serious vaccine side effects is too great.and too risky, including myocarditis, blood clots and neurological problems. . There are no adequate long-term safety studies for the Covid-19 vaccines. I do not want healthy children to be experimental guinea pigs!
Please no mandate for covid vaccine,only freedom of choice.No mandate for covid vaccine for kids 5-12.
No jabs for children. The “vaccines” are still in the experimental phase and do not have a proven safety record. It is a crime against humanity to inject them. 
The jab is experimental!!!! Leave children and all of us alone!!! Do not vaccinate children! That is criminal!
Stop this madness requiring young people, boys and girls to take the vaccine. 
Absolutely disgusting to try to mandate vaccines on a virus that doesn't affect children at all. If adults are scared of the virus, they should get vaccinated. Do not use children as your shields of something you are scared of. There is no data on long term safety of this vaccine, do not let children suffer. 
Please consider INO-4800 and others with their safety and low to none side effects. The more choices people have, they will be self making decisions and education themselves. We are American who can take care ourselves without being forced.Government shall provide all means for people to make their own choices accordingly. 
Oppose the elimination of children, non-sick children do not infect and are not infected 
Quit participating in killing off mankind!! And do not add the blood of my children to the countless lives lost to this poison death shot! Quit trying to force us to participate in sacrificing unbornChildren to the devil. Open your eyes and see that this is diabolical and that Evil is at war with humanity and would like to kill us all. Yes, really!!
I oppose any mandates that would require children (and adults) to receive vaccines in order to participate in school and school-relayed activities
There MUST be more testing done on this vaccine before we just roll it out in mass to all kids. Let the vaccine scientists learn and modify the vaccine to reduce negative side effects. Without better testing, many parents will be unwilling to give this vaccine to their children and will pull their children out of school. There are many side effects of this decision that should be considered.
Children are not your guinea pigs for the Covid vaccine! It is not ok to make them part of your experiment.
This has clearly become a political complain for control and money. Our children are not effected by this as the elderly are. The numbers show this to be factual and we need to actually start following the science as everyone likes to say. Restore the country’s faith in you by following the science. 
I am strongly opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccine for children. Young children have a very low risk of serious illness due to COVID-19. However the vaccine side effects can be extremely serious. Once a vaccine is administered it cannot be undone. There must be further study before our children are put at this high risk. 
FDA has no right approving vaccines for children of any age. CHILDREN have little to no risk of the virus and we should not be experimenting with our children! We know boys are susceptible to heart inflammation from these so called experimental vaccines. Do not approve. We the people want you to stop the assault on our children!
Ron McElroy, father and grandfather - to whom it may concern, I request that you do not mandate the use an unproven experiential vaccine on our children. 
The Covid-19 vaccine must not be mandatory for children. Parents have the right to choose what’s best for their child. This is not a deadly disease for children. Please do not make this vaccine mandatory. 
No to covid vaccine for kids. Absolutely no need for this. Kids immunity can fight it off. Please rather look at the medicine/drugs to heal from covid, than getting mass vaccination that in no way stops covid pandemic.
Please use your scientific knowledge and don’t require a shot to protect an age group that doesn’t suffer severe symptoms from covid. 
Stop this madness! Children do not need an experimental drug that is more likely to hurt them than the actual virus. We as Americans have had enough, STOP! 
I disagree with the reasons behind the Covid mandate especially the onc concerning the young children, this is sad and not ethical!Search the reasoning behind the mandate, it is unsound science.Your listening is appreciated, but your understanding is desired! Please say no to this mandate , give us your conversation and find a compromise, a promise to come together!
My children have already had Covid 19. It was like any other cold to them. They were over it I'm a few days. There is no need to vaccinate children. I will NEVER give an Mrna vaccine to my child. It is only being forced upon children so the pharmaceutical company can make more money. Sickening.
There is no scientific basis for forcing children to take the vaccines against cv19. By any objective standard the children are at greater risk of adverse reactions against the vaccines than from the virus itself. Please DO NOT roll out the vaccines to all children.
The vaccine should not be mandated for 5 to 12 year olds. It’s a parental choice, not the Government!
Americans should NOT be forced to take this vaccine, especially our children! We live in a free country, not a dictatorship! The greed of the drug companies & tyranny of leadership has gone too far & we will no longer stand silent.
Children are not being affected by Covid and there’s no need to vaccinate them for it. Those who choose to have the vaccine can take it there’s absolutely no reason to force this vaccine on anyone but especially not children.
You are asking for public comment on this, so I will give you mine. I strongly urge you to vote NO on this. This vaccine has not been in existence long enough to truly know if it is safe. Mandating our most vulnerable, the children to get this vaccine is wrong! Do not pass this and do not force. I am 100% against this and hope you do the right thing. No mandated vaccines for children.
There is no evidence that 5-11 year olds need this “vaccine”. It should be the parents choice to “vaccinate” their kids.
Please do not give these to small children!!! No studies on long term effects!!! Death rate amongst children in this age group is so low - this is UNNECESSARY!! 
My body my choice, no vaccines should be mandated . This is a money making scheme and it’s not for everyone. We already got Covid and can prove it . We don’t need your mystery shots where the company’s are not held liable if there is a negative affect 
The recovery rate for children 5-11 is 99.99 percent without any treatment what so ever. There is no evidence that children infect adults with covid. The risks to children form the vaccine far outweigh the risks from the covid virus. DO NO HARM!!
Children should not be given an experimental vaccination! 
Your head must be full of noodles.Leave the kids out of the vaccine war
I am requesting that you do not approve the COVID-19 EUA for children 5-11 until further long term clinical trials have been performed and analyzed. Based on the low mortality rates for children and increasing reports of adverse reactions, it seems you would take more time before rushing to a decision on this.
Our children have good immunity, and we already know Covid-19 really has no adverse effects on children. No experimental vaccine for our children - enough adults have been test subjects. We don't want this in our children to take vaccines we are not sure about.
DO NOT APPROVE THE EUA of the covid 19 vaccines for children under the age of 12.It is a crime and completely unethical. They are not at risk for death or hospitalization and therefore there is NO benefit.
I am absolutely opposed to this mandated vaccine and it absolutely should not be being forced on any individual especially children. This is not gone through the normal protocol for vaccines nor is this virus the deadly threat that’s being pushed. The vaccine has already been proven to be way more harmful than our flu vaccines
I oppose all vaccine mandates. Every human should have the right to decide what to put into their body. Citizens should not have any rights taken away due to that choice or be penalized or discriminated against because of it. Not being vaccinated does not make a person a threat. Please stand up for freedom.
Do not under any circumstance “mandate” vaccines for children 5-11. It is not necessary and it is more dangerous than getting Covid. Statistically children don’t get this and if the do they survive with minimal symptoms. Only parents and their doctors should make decisions on a child’s health.
No child should get this vaccine. They are not at risk. it is not proven safe.
My family is against vaccinating children with covid19vaccine. There is no reason to vaccinate children because they have such a low death rate 99.9989% from the Covid19 flu! Besides the FACT that it been fully approved by the FDA and the COVID-19 vaccine has caused irreparable damage/illnesses and disease in many vaccinated people! No TO VACCINATING CHILDREN. Period.
I think it is extremely unwise to approve this vaccine for the age group In question. Especially considering the fact that the group has such a low risk of complication from the virus. Please decline to approve this vaccine for ages 5-12
There needs to be long term studies before we experiment on kids with these shots. There is literally no reason for a child to receive a shot due to their survivability rate with COVID.
Since when does the FDA listen to We The People? What good is this comment board. The FDA and CDC will never read a word. This phony comment board is only here to make all believe the illusion that what we have to say matters. These unelected bureaucrats think they control the world. They will do what they want for as long as we let them. Words on this board mean nothing.
Absolutely no medical reasoning for subjecting children to nearly 100% survivable virus yet nearly no research for long term effects!!!! NO!!! 
I am very much against the vaccine for all and especially children. We should have personnel freedom to choose what is right for our individual self and we also have medicine and vitamins that can heal us. There is no need for this vaccine. It is definitely not helping!!!
I strongly oppose mandatory vaccines for children (and adults). Not only does it take away an individual's medical freedom, and parent's right to choose what's best for their own child, but these vaccines have been shown to cause harm most especially in young people. I'm asking you to stand for our rights. Thank you.
How can you - in your right mind, justify injecting, only Satan knows what, into a child who is over 98% unlikely to even be affected by this disease, especially for one that is proven to be over 99% recoverable? I hope you have the balls to stand up and do the right thing and NOT approve this! 
Please stop trying to push experimental drugs into our children. 
I strongly disagree with any mandate forcing free American citizens from getting a shot against their wishes
Please fully examine the many many many reports of vaccine injuries from doctors that are being suppressed. Please don’t do this to our children. It would be absolutely criminal. Please please please look at every last bit of data. 
Mask mandates in school need to end its child abuse.
Read here: There is no reason to vaccinate children per the CDC’s own data https://wmbriggs.com/post/37874/
Please oppose the COVID-19 vaccine for children. They need protection from this unnecessary medical treatment. Take a stand. Show a good moral conscience and stop this.
Please leave our country a beautiful place of freedom & thriving. 100% opposed to mandates - I’m not co-parenting with the government. If you are a parent, do you want the government to weigh in on your parenting decisions??? No. Mandates. #landofthefree #homeofthebrave
Your "Vaccine" is KILLING people, and now you want to give it to Children!?!? What kind of monsters ARE you people?!? Stop ALL vaccines NOW! You will all be punished, by God if by no one else. 
I object to mandatory COVID vaccines for children under age 18. 
We must not mandate vaccinations for our small children, unless they have proven compromised immune systems, and the majority of these children don't.
This shot is a Experimental!It is NOT helping anyone from getting the virus but removing natural immunity!!This is: “CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY//GENOCIDE!ALL WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY AND BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THIS!!!!!
I am very concerned with the FDA'S approval of the covid-19 vaccine being given ( mandated) to children!!!! There has not been enough time to ensure it's safety!!!! And, children are very unlikely to get covid or to become seriously ill IF they did get sick with it!!!!! For these reasons, I honestly do not think it should be forced in anyone, let alone children!!!!!!!
Please stop forceful vaccination. This is child abuse. Children are not test subjects to vaccines!
Is this not a free America anymore, where we make health choices individually? I thought the mantra here is my body, my choice? Wake up, people!
Hands off our kids, they do not belong to you. Only parents are the ones with the responsibility and right to make health decisions for their children. You have already overstepped and this will not be accepted. You cannot force us to inject anything into our bodies. America is supposed to be about freedom. Stop trying to destroy that! You will never win!
The risks of vaccination of young children far outweigh the benefits. Children are far less likely to contract Covid, they have far more robust immune systems, & unless the 280+ ingredients are revealed then informed consent is not being given. EAU means that & cannot be forced.
Where is the long term data tested that has been tested on children? Why is this vaccine different that any other vaccine that has been done. The past? It has taken many years to conduct such research to approve such a vaccine. Why is this one any different? These are basic questions we all want to know. How can you guarantee that children will not have any severe side effects? 
There needs to be more time to analyze data and make adjustments before the Covid shot is suitable for children. 
Please consider waiting on children covid vaccination until we know long term effects from these new technology mRNA vaccines. The risk of severe covid is very minimal in children- and many may already be proving herd immunity through natural infection at this point in time (do we even have testing in place to know this number?!). Please, I plead, wait.
There is no scientific based evidence that children need to be vaccinated for COVID. "Why do the protected need to be protected from the unprotected by forcing the unprotected to use the protection that did not protect the protected in the first place?" The risks ar far greater than the benefit in vaccinating children against COVID.
How many children get Covid and die? But what does happen is the amount of heart issues has gone up 200%. The vaccine is more dangerous to children than the virus itself. Stop the mandates of an experimental shot, especially with children!
I am against children ages 5-12 being mandated for Covid vaccines
I do not support our children or anyone for that matter being mandated to get the covid vaccine. Stop forcing this on all of us.
I and my family are against mandatory vacations. People have the right to choose what they want in there bodies. 
Mandating vaccines for children is unnecessary and morally wrong. I will pull my children from school before I ever let this vaccine enter their bodies.
I am apposed to vaccination of children. Please do not use these young as laboratories for medical experiments. They are not at significant risk from COVID. There is unbalanced risk / reward to this potential policy. Please do not approve this!
Do not remove religious exemptions and stop being a bully. Our freedom of choice is being taken away and it is very obvious. Do not make vaccines mandatory irrespective of the age group. 
Child abuse is child abuse no matter who or what entity does it. This "shot" is child abuse and completely criminal, as children have such a small chance of being harmed by Covid if they get it, but such an increase chance of harm from the "shot". Anyone pushing this is criminal.
As an educated medical professional who has worked full-time throughout this entire pandemic, I would like to highlight the one undisputed fact regarding these vaccines: the long term consequences are unknown! Please advocate for our children's future and err on the side of caution. Emergency use authorization is not warranted in this population.
I am totally against mandatory vaccinations of any kind. 
I am against forcing a newly developed vaccine to the children. Instead, have the non vaccinated provide proof that they have antibodies with a T-CELL testing kit. T-CELLS do not deplete. I am testing my antibody strength every 90 days and mine haven't depleted after a year! 
I am appalled that a vaccine that has not been tested appropriately for the usual timeframe would be given to anyone much less children!
There has been no long term peer review of any of these covid vaccines so we have no knowledge of longterm effects and to vaccinate children whom have minimal chances of severe illness with an experimental drug is in my opinion child abuse. Please reject vaccinating our children 
Looking at the risk numbers for children, the COVID vaccine is not necessary for this age group. There are risks to the vaccine and this age group, by in large, has very mild virus response.This makes no sense. Those vaccinated an still get sick and transmit. There is not much benefit in vaccination for this age group - except boosting company profits.
I say NO to CoVid vaccines EUA extended to children 5-11! Children these ages do not get sick from CoVid and they have a 99.9% recovery rate from the virus. Why take a chance on an experimental vaccine that could possibly harm them from a virus that is generally mild for them?! My grandchildren in this age group have had the virus and bounced back to health in less than a week.
Please oppose this mandate. The government should not be involved in requiring health decisions for our children. That is between my family and our doctor. Additionally, there is not sufficient evidence that this prevents transmission. Vaccines have changed dramatically and there are too many discussions regarding side effects post vaccine.
Wait a minute, how can children be given an experimental vaccine, even if there is a so called emergency. I know of no child that is able to sign a consent form taking this vaccine. Parental permissions are need to be obtained before any type of vaccine is administered. 
We the people are watching to see if your voting against our constitutional rights! We will remember and when it’s our time to vote, you will be out!If you cannot protect our human rights, you deserve to be replaced by someone that will!Vote NO to any mandates!!!!We the people have spoken!!We are watching!!!!!
I would ask that the FDA not approve COVID vaccines for children 5-11. These are still experimental and should not be used on children until years of data have been collected about safety and efficacy.
This is insanity! Kids do NOT need this fraud shot!
This vaccine should not be given to children. It should not be given to anyone. VARES reports over 15,000 deaths and that's only 10% reporting. According to medicaid and Medicare, 51,000 have died. Kids are not susceptible, 99.99X% recoverable and there are therapeutics that cures in 2 days. 
Stop the madness of these vaccine mandates when natural immunity is valid & strong especially in children. We want freedom to chose what goes into our bodies and the bodies of the beautiful children God has given us to care for & raise. 
Legally EXPERIMENTAL vaccines should never be given to children 
With a 99.9973% survival rate from SARS COV2 in 5-12 year old children, and with a much larger risk of serious complications from the COVID injections, there is no justification for subjecting these children to experimental injections (yes the injections will still be under EUA, as the Comirnaty product has yet to be released). Please DO NOT approve.
I oppose the amendment to the EUA authorizing the vaccine for children ages 5-11. 
Please do Not force the covid 19 vaccine on children. It is only up to the parents if they choose the vaccine for their children, or not.
Children should not take this vaccine!!! You are killing people 
There is no need for a vaccine for this age group. Check out the risk analysis! They have an extremely low risk of being either hospitalized or of dying from covid. Extremely low as in 2 in a million per a recent study from England.Why fill them full of something for which there is no long term study.Leave the kids alone!!!!!!!!! 
I speak for All children; No More Poisonous Injections! These Toxic Poisons End for Every Death it Causes!
I disagree with COVID 19 vaccination of small children. They have not been the demographic that is adversely affected by the virus. Long term testing has not been done. There isn’t enough data to understand the effects on them.
The Covid vaccine should not be recommended to children ages 5-11. They have a 99.9973% survival rate. 
Non au " vaccin" pour les enfants ! Merci de ne pas injecter ce produit expérimental dangereux à des enfants qui ne risquent rien du covid !
Do not approve the Covid-19 vaccine for kids. The Covid-19 vaccine injury and death statistics for kids prove it is not safe. The responsibility to protect children is on your shoulders and there is enough data showing kids are not at risk of dying from the Covid-19 virus (99.9% survival rate). . 
Do not do this to our children. There isn’t enough GOOD information on this vaccine. In fact, the studies show children are less effected by this virus. If you care about the children, you won’t mandate this insane political agenda. 
It is experimental vaccine and has a higher rate of life threatening reactions than any other vaccines. It is dangerous and should not be allowed for any children. 
Kids have a 99.97% chance of surviving COVID, it would be unethical to give e them and experimental vaccine that has not even thoroughly tested
Please reconsider giving this to children, they are our future and we should protect them not let them be used as lab rats. There hasn’t been enough studies I believe to say these are safe for children. In my family I have had young children get Covid and they have recovered just fine without the need of a vaccine. 
STOP WITH THE NAZI style experimental vaccines that kill people. God will Judge you all . DO the right thing. 
I will be pulling my child from public education, and start attending private school. You people have lost your minds.
No vaccine should be forced on any child. It should always remain to be a choice for parents to make. This is also a vaccine that hasn’t been tested thorough enough for the future side effects. 
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults..
Why would my daughter need to be forced to take a vaccine that isn’t 100% reliable. I’m not anti vaccinated by any means I’m just not going to put this brand new vaccine in my daughter until after it’s been around for awhile. 
Children have a greater risk of adverse affects or injuries from the covid vaccines than they do from covid. Do not mandate covid vaccines for children.
Please consider not approving covid-19 vaccines for children. 1) There are no long term studies available that show these vaccines are safe. 2) Kids with normal immune system are generally able to recover from covid-19 without any problems. 3) there are significant adverse events from covid-19 vaccines already reported in vaers for kids and adults
I do not want, nor will I accept, any "mandated" vaccines for children. There are no long term safety data on these "vaccine" mRNA jabs.
I'm retired from both medical and veterinary science, with ~40 years of experience. People in general, especially children, should NOT be used as laboratory rats - the vaccines aren't even CLOSE TO being fully developed and the pharmaceutical should NOT BE CASHING IN ON ANY drugs, experimental or not, that aren't suitable / appropiate.
This is an unnecessary step to take for those who have the least chance of getting covid and even less of a chance to die if they do. The risks most decidedly outweigh the benefits. Please say NO to any emergency use of these vaccines for children. Thank you.
Do not make this deal to harm our children for these pharmaceutical companies’ profits. Children on the whole are not at risk of severe complications or death from the Covid 19 infection. There is absolutely no need for this injection. More children can potentially be harmed or killed by this shot than by the disease. This is not the cure to a problem that doesn’t really exist. 
Please do NOT force this mandate on our children. There is no reason to pass this. Children are not at risk. This is pure evil!!!!
It is absolute insanity to mandate vaccines on an age group that is not at risk according to the science. Wake up. This cannot pass! 
Please do not mandate vaccinations. There have not been studies for a long enough time period to truly know all the implications of this vaccination in humans. Let us have medical freedom to assess the risk vs benefit for our families.
I wouldn't put this poison in my body so what makes you think I would ever allow you to put it in my child's body?
Hello,We cannot mandate or suggest the covid 19 vaccine for children age 5-11, this is unconscionable. This vaccine is still in the EU stages and the studies are showing that children are MORE at risk of drowning than dying from Covid. Absolutely NO to the covid vaccine for these children.
You are killing people and now your wanting to kill children!! If you approve this poaion for children may God have his wrath on all of you
Leave the kids alone.They should build up a natural immunity to this virus.If not this virus then there will be another one and another one etc.we don't know what the side effects will be for our children because it hasn't been tested enough.
We the people as parents & grandparents are against covid vaccines for children. Children are rarely infected from Covid & recover as if its a cold. The non-tested vaccines are dangerous with awful side affects that can be life changing & ruin health. I am completely against vaccinating children- this is about saving lives from evil big pharma greed- not about a disease. 
It is immoral, unethical and just plain wrong to force young children to get an experimental vaccine without known long term side effects. 
Do not force this vaccine on our children. They are not your test subjects for a virus that provides next to 0 risk to them. 
• We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
Young kids do not need the vaccine. Their immune systems are strong they can fight off COVID. There is absolutely no need to give them this vaccine. Especially because is it NEW!!! Why would we put this in our children? They are not immune compromised. 
Please stop this! This is not ok! Do not use our children as guinea pigs!!
Medical studies show that children have a very low risk of getting covid. Making kids 5-11 get the vaccine is a medical treatment. Forcing kids to get the vaccine is a violation of their constitutional rights. Forcing people to wear a mask is also a violation of their constitutional rights. Stop stomping on our constitutional rights.
Kids are healthy and don't get CoVid 19, Vaccine for CoVid 19 doesn't have long term data, don't experiment on te little ones but protect them.
To vaccinate our kids for something that they can easily survive and get natural immunity from is simply unnecessary.
Please quit thinking you know what’s best for me Let that be decided between my Dr’s and me! I happen to have survived Covid and 6 mos later have the antibodies. 
99 % of all children in this age group are not in danger from covid. There is no reason to subject them to the vaccine that is more dangerous than the virus
Please allow parents the right to make choices for our children. These vaccines have not been around long enough to prove effective and safe for children. The survival rate of children that were confirmed having covid is still very high. I won’t allow my child to be an experiment. 
Please do not mandate that children get the shot. Some children will get very sick from the shot. Let the parents decide what is best for their children. 
Please do NOT make vaccines mandatory for ANYONE, but especially children aged 5-12.
IDFDA-2021-N-1088-0001 I am against forcing 5 to 11 year old children to take the covid-19 vaccine. 
I do not agree to mandate vaccines,my kids,myright ,my body my choice
I oppose the mandate for the covid vaccine. Why would you start a vaccine in the middle of a pandemic? It is obvious it doesn't work.Everyone is supposed to have a right to choose. If these women are allowed to "choose"abortion" because they claim it's "their bodies"Then we should be allowed to choose" what goes into" our bodies as well.
Our children do not need a vaccine for a “virus” with 100% cure rate. 
 I urge you to vote NO on Pfizer’s EUA application for children's vaccinations ages 5 to 11. Pfizer has not demonstrated any health benefits for children and the potential harms outweigh the risk in this population. Our children should not be experimented on!
Children do not need this vaccine. The odds of them dying from the virus is statistically zero. We have no idea what the long term effects of the vaccine will be on the children. 
I am 100% against a vac mandate for children. There has not been enough thorough testing done on this vac. Others vaccination took years and this one is only months in the making and it doesn’t work. 
Please search for your conscience, if you find it, you will stop causing grieve and irreparable harm on our children by forcing this experimental jab on them! 
Do not mandate masks for children under 12. Science does not support this
Stop mandatory vaccination the children and adults with not approved substance. It must be a personal choice .
As an American citizen (your employer), a parent and grandparent, I demand you immendately stop any decisions to vaccinate our children, who by the way have ZERO chance of getting or passing along this thing you call Covid. What you are trying to do to our children is unconscionable and illegal. STOP USING OUR KIDS AS YOUR PERSONAL EXPERMENT. 
So what's the facts on kids surviving the Covid 19 and what are the issues you've found with the shots I've seen 1 in 7000 kids have issues yet 99.0025% of survival and I'd like to know why would would do this to kids?
Totally opposed to giving children a vax. They are NOT, BY DATA, getting Covid or becoming seriously ill from Covid. There are many unanswered questions about this vaccine which has not been given a REAL APPROVAL yet It is still legally considered experimental.
As these injections do not prevent Sars cov2 infection or transmission, they should NOT be mandated for ANYONE! DO NOT force children OR adults!
I am strongly apposed to vaccine mandates for children ages 0-18.
Stop and think. There are no long term studies on the gene therapy you are calling vaccines. Children are still developing and will be greatly harmed by these "vaccines". Wait and see what the studies show in 5 years like all the other meds that get FDA approval. Do NOT mandate these shots, they will only cause harm.
I do not agree with the covid 19 vaccine being approved for children as there is no studies of future side effects. I also dont agree with people being forced to get the vaccine.
This is madness….I am the parent and refuse to have my child or have to see any other child get this vaccine as a government mandate and not a parental choice. NO. 
I can’t imagine forcing my child to take a vaccine that literally has only existed less than a year AND can only go to school if she has one. I’m worried for my child’s health more than I would be afraid if she got COVID. 
This jab is man made genocide!!!! Let us know what’s in it? This is just another step toward socialism ! Parents will NEVER lay down and inject their children with something that is not labeled! Can you say graphene oxide? I AM GREATLY OPPOSED TO THIS !! Your evil Kabal like agenda will be exposed and the American people will not lay down ! 
I am asking you to halt the covid vaccination program as it has proven itself ineffective with thousands of adverse events. It is extremely alarming that this unsafe vaccine will soon be given to children age 5-11. They have virtually no risk in having a severe response to the Sars cov 2 virus. This vaccine will do more harm to them than the virus itself. Please do not vaccinate the children!
Stop with the approval of vaccinating children’s w/ COVID-19 gene therapy. Children are at little to no risk of being permanently harmed by COVID-19. You don’t have the long term studies to ensure the safety of this MRNA therapy. This is completely unnecessary, my child my choice.The risk assessment for not vaccinating my child is much more favorable.
Leave the children out of this!!!!! You have NO clear idea what this does to an adult body, until you do children are off limits
Do not approve and authorize this preposterous action to vaccinate children with an experimental vaccine that has no statistics to show it's safe for children. How can you issue without the right data and research acquired for at least 5 years what the outcome would hold for children?
My 20 year old niece got the inoculation per so called mandate and now she is seeing a cardiologist. That is all the details I know. So sad.No one has the right to mandate an illegal drug. Falls out of scope of Constitution so it is illegal. The Government is to protect not kill us.
the government should never regulate vaccinations on the public. especially in children under 18 with a current covid death rate of 0.0007%. 
You can not force this untested stuff on anyone especially kids. People are dying from it and having bad reactions to it. This is communism from the pit of hell. 
This is insanity. Children already have too many mandated vaccines. Please reconsider this.
I don’t depend on the government for financial assistance and I don’t want to depend on the government for mine or my family’s health concerns! No vaccine mandate!!!!
NO NO NO ABSOLUTELY NO TO THE administration of COVID-19 mRNA vaccine to children 5 through 11 years of age. PLEASE DON'T EXPERIMENT ON OUR CHILDREN
Children were never a high risk for covid. The experimental injection will only serve to sicken them and weaken their immune systems. PLEASE! It is insanity to put children at risk for serious side effects of this jab - for NO REASON. Stop this!
As a mother of 3 and a Registered Nurse I do not want these vaccines approved for any of my children but especially kids ages 5-11. There is no way to know the long term side effects that will impact this age group or ANY age group and the risks outweigh the benefits. Please protect our children from this new technology! 
I, along with many in our community, concerned parents and grandparents, implore you to STOP the mandate for children ages 5-11!! This is completely unnecessary and immoral to force these shots on children who have little to no chance of getting Covid. 
Please leave the children alone when it comes to the covid vaccine. I think enough humans have died when receiving the vaccine. Children are our future. Being vaccinated should be a choice. But also I don’t believe there was long enough study before the vaccine became ready available. Sincerely a concerned citizen of The United States
Making a mandate for our littles to be vaccinated with a vaccine that has no longitudinal studies is irresponsible of our state and country. There is no evidence to prove that they will grow up normally after receiving the vaccine. This is a violation of our constitution and freedom of choice
A vaccination that is still in the experimental stage should never be used as an experiment on a young child! There are more risks with the Covid vaccine on a child's health than the risk of Covid 19. 
It is to early to be giving children vaccines when long term studies have not been done. That goes for adults as well. Thank you
As a mother of 3 I am scared to death of the heart issues that go along with this vaccine. Please do not approve or mandate this for my children, I will not comply. This should be a decision that a parent is allowed to make for their child. The government cannot make health decisions for our children or the rest of our country!
Please reconsider vaccinations in kids 5-11, no kid should have to get a vaccine in which the rate of death within that age bracket is so low.
NO MANDATING VACCINES FOR KIDS AGES 5 to 12 NOW AND OR FOREVER! NEVER EVER! OUR Children are NOT YOURS, THEY ARE OURS! 
 long-term side-effects are unknown and will continue to be for possibly yearschildren are low risk from covidnatural immunity offers excellent protectionearly treatment therapeutics are effective and underutilized these reasons along should disqualify any mandates on children 
I don’t want COVID vaccine mandate for employment or school. 
Please do not vaccinate any kid any age with Covid-19 vaccines 
PLEASE DO NOT OFFER COVID VACCINES TO CHILDREN. CHILDREN HAVEGREAT IMMUNE SYSTEMS. THERE ARE THREPUTICS THAT WORK VERY WELL AND HAVE NO DANGEROUS SIDE EFFECTS.
This takes away our first amendment of choice. Whether it be a young child or adult why should you choose to decide what is put into another’s body? Also if one felt safe and protected with receiving the vaccine why be concerned if another doesn’t get it? It seems there is still much fear or even belief that the vaccine received doesn’t truly work. 
Absolutely an atrocity that a vaccine that kills less than .0007% with a higher mortality for kids would even be considered ! 
Please do not give this to the children. Please stop giving this out to the American people. This is not a vaccine. This is killing our family and friends. My cousin is only 20 years old and had 2 strokes after the Pfizer shots. He is now in a coma after having emergency brain surgery to stop massive bleeding. Please take these shots off the market. 
Please say no to approving this vaccine for young children. There have been conflicting reports on the efficacy and safety of the vaccine. In addition, this has become political, we must ensure that all science is listened to, not just the science that fits their goals. 
No Federal mandates for Covid vaccines for children! Parental decision only please!
Please, stop this insanity, kids barely get sick and pushing any vaccine mandates has nothing to do either with parents’ choice for their children nor for real safety of youth. Please do not approve any vaccine mandates, people would just hate you for it.
Please do not authorize this vaccine for our young children. I am concerned that the trial group was so small, and also that there is very little detailed information about side effects, especially the myocarditis that has occurred in a number of young people. Nothing is known about long term issues with these vaccines, and I don't think it is worth risking the lives of our children.
The FDA approved vaccine (comirnaty) isn't even being distributed in the United States. It is absolutely illegal what the government is doing. I do not know how these people are sleeping at night. This is wrong and inhumane. Pull your kids out of public school and start homeschooling 
PLEASE!! Be Sensible! With over 16,000 deaths of adults following these injections, do you really think its wise to begin giving them to young children--who recover quite successfully even if they do get Covid? PLEASE!!
Children are not in danger from this virus, but this shot is a big threat. You will have to give an account to a Holy and Just God. You will have blood on your hands if you approve this for children. Repent now and be saved. Call on the Name of Jesus. He is our Hope. Vaccines kill. Jesus saves. 
When I saw videos of police in Australia ripping children from the arms of their parents to give them an injection, I prayed this would never happen the US. Now it's apparent that evil exists even in a free country. You should all be ashamed of yourselves. The people will not stand for this and you will see no compliance from me or my family. 
This vaccine should NOT be given to children (or anybody else) until there is at least 5 years of trials to see what the long-term effects are, if any. Even at 5 years, it can't be proven that it's safe.
Children age 5-12 should not receive a Covid vaccine. PERIOD. There is no need to vaccinate children with a near 100% recovery rate from Covid. Children should not be part of your experimental drugs!
I am very opposed to this vaccine mandate. There have been too many deaths and incidents of myocarditis in youth since this vaccine was given to youth, I feel it would put children at further risk of life threatening issues long before they should have to be facing them. Besides kids are recovering faster and better than adults from Covid do!
I'm extremely against the covid vaccine on children. Adults and teens with serious side effects are ignored and these cases are not reported or the reports are not followed through. This cannot happen to our children! We must protect them against this experiment. Please do not repeat the mistakes of the past. Please do not succumb to fear. 
I oppose the proposed COVID-19 vaccine for children ages 5-12. 
Please DO NOT approve for 5-11 year olds! This is way too experimental! These kids our our future! Their chance of dying from this disease is extremely small. Instead teach about ways to support our body's natural immune system
I am am strongly opposed to mandating the vaccine for anyone, especially children. Such a leaky vaccine should be optional for all citizens. Given children's extremely low risk for serious illness and death, they should not be forced to get a vaccine that has not had the years of rigorous testing typically required. Please do not require vaccines for anyone. 
I beg you. Do not do this to our children. They do not need this. The Senate and House are not getting vaccines the gig is up. Start investigating the truth
Please spare our kids. There is no science to vaccinating our kids with this vaccine. The low number of covid cases in this age group as well as the survival rate is minuscule. We have no idea what these vaccines will do to our children in the future. 
Stop the jab on our children!!! Parents will choose what to put in their children’s body!! MEDICAL FREEDOM FOR ALL!! FREEDOM OF CHOICE!
My children have genetic abnormalities and could not receive nor will I agree to comply with a mandated vaccine for my children. Such a mandate is unconstitutional and absurd. 
Vaccines for children 5-11 should be up to the discretion of their parent. Children are not affected and don’t need a shot to keep others “safe”. Everyone should have a choice! Especially for their children! 
Let parents decide whether to have children vaccinated. Advise against mandatory covid 19 vaccines.
Let the parents have the freedom by the constitution to choose if we want our child /children vaccinated with something we don’t even know what’s in it . Someone needs to be held accountable for all the deaths and adverse reactions to these vaccines .
I am 100% against vaccinating our young children. They are in a very low risk group are of a smaller weight and therefore more prone to adverse events including myocarditis. It's not worth it! I plead with you not to pass this vaccine onto our children.
As a RN with an MSN this is insanity and defies logic. Why are we injecting children with a genetically modified experiment for a disease that affects less than 1% of their age group? Clearly these vaccines don’t stop the spread, we don’t want them injected into our children!
An experimental untested gene-editing therapy should be mandated for no one, least of all, children. It is being shown to decimate the immune system, and is causing hundreds of thousands of deaths in addition to even more adverse reactions..
I strongly disagree with the idea of having the government making decisions and worse, mandating parents regarding the health of their children. It has been proven over and over that kids are not severly affected by Covid and when they do get the virus it is hard to give the virus to others. USA is about freedom and liberty and what you are doing is both wrong and scary. 
I am writing to express my disapproval for the attempts to push this vaccine on children so quickly. Children are not at risk and should not be forced to inject this poison into them when long term studies have not been done. This is evil. 
 I am against the COVID-19 vaccine for children. They have a strong immune system, and have a survival rate of 99.995% to COVID-19. I am very concerned about the adverse reactions to the vaccine, like myocarditis, and some other serious complications including death.
According to studies transmission is the virus is EXTREMELY rare in children and according to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% of children who contract COVID-19 survive. This is just a ploy to control our children and instill continue to instill fear. STOP this now!!!!
If Boeing designed/built/tested a jet air liner in the same amount of time and with the same failure rate as these injections, would you put your family on it? No mandates for any one!
Children do not need this vaccination.More harm than good will come of it.Children areVery low risk to get or transmit Covid.As well the original virus that the Vaccines were supposed to fight against is gone.This vaccine is NOT effective against the variants.Do not use this on our children!!
As a parent, I object to this shot being approved by the FDA. There has not been enough light shed upon the adverse reaction’s to the age groups that have already received the shot. There have not been enough studies on the long term affect that could take place. 
I am 100% against the approval of Covid Vaccines for children 5-11. There isn't enough long term research on this. I would not allow such experiments on my kids.
Do not allow children to take these vaccines in their current form. We know children have a 99.74 chance of survival. We know that their risk or heart problems after the Covid vaccine vaccine is greater than their risk of being hospitalized by Covid. Do the right thing and protect our children.
If you approve vaccinations of children you will have blood on your hands AND YOU KNOW this vaccine is NOT SAFE!!! God help you if you approve this. You and this administration, Faucci all are CRIMINALS!! God has the last word and GOD will win. Not you!!
COVID vaccines under 18 should not be mandatory as extremely low rate of serious disease in this group 
Protect the vulnerable. The risks to children who are injected with with the experimental biologic are too great and benefit negligible. Do not approve administering these covid 'vaccines' to children! 
According to doctors and scientific data, it is not necessary to vaccinate the 5-11 age children. I have 4 grandchildren and am opposed to any vaccination approval or mandate.
Vaccine mandates are illegal, and unconstitutional. We have to protect our children. The vaccinated are protected. All foreigners are not required . What kind of sense does this make ? None 
StopThis dangerous recommendation. First do no harm.
I am strongly against vaccinating children with the COVID-19 injection. Children are not at high risk.
No vax for our children for a virus. It doesn't eradicate it. No long term studies. Than you
There are not any massive outbreaks in schools for children and it has been proven over and over again. Please go based off facts, science and statistics because what y’all are trying to do is completely against it. Stop trying to fill pockets even deeper for those in the elite government groups. 
Given the waning immunity in the successfully vaccinated persons plus the number of adverse reactions especially in the age 12 plus group of child how can we in good conscious approve this for even younger children with more years of study to ensure we have a grasp on long term implications of vaccinating such young kid’s. 
PleaseDo not approve the Covid shots for young children. The risks outweigh the benefits.
My children are fully vaccinated. Quit calling us antivaxxers and start listening before you ruin all trust in vaccines. We hve NO long term studies of mRNA in children AND as far as we can tell, children have little risk from the virus. The risk/benefit ratio does not make sense. The world is watching…. 
DO NOT GIVE THESE SHOTS TO OUR CHILDREN. THESE SHOTS HAVE NOT BEEN TESTED. OUR CHILDREN ARE NOT AT RISK TO GET COVID.. PLEASE LEARN ABOUT THE BAD EFFECTS THESE SHOTS ARE HAVING IN OUR PEOPLE. PRAYING TO OUR LORD AND SAVIOR FOR YOU ALL TO DO THE RIGHT THIING AND SAVE OUR CHILDREN AND OUR PEOPLE.
No vax mandates should be given to any child as the risks are far worse especially with heart conditions considering the survival rate is 99.9%! 
Children under 18 should not be mandated for an experimental mRNA vaccine when they are the lowest of risk and long term 5-10 year side effects aren’t concluded. 
The FDA nor government should impose vaccines on children. The parents and their doctors should always have the ultimate decision on making choices about their child's healthcare. Mandating is overreaching. 
Data is clear on this issue. The risks of the covid-19 vaccine, greatly outweigh the benefits for children. "Given an existing problem, it may be better not to do something, or even to do nothing, than to risk causing more harm than good." Do not approve MRNA covid-19 vaccines for children.
Please do not approve or recommend the vaccination of children ages 5 to 11. Children have a 99.99% survival rate if they contract Covid 19. The adult survival rate for those vaccinated is significantly worse than 99.99%. Please Don’t harm the children.
Please do not require EU for children on the covid vaccine. It’s still experimental and their survival rate is over 99.8 %. 
I do not feel this vaccine/ shot is necessary for children especially at the ages of 5-11. The children are not at risk of dying from Covid. I highly oppose this vaccine ( that does NOT stop transmission or stop them from contracting Covid) please think about our young children and the risk of harm that this vaccine could cause!!
I strongly disagree with mandating vaccinations for anyone. It is especially wrong for children. No one should be forced to put any substance in their body. We need freedom of choice.
Our kids are our most precious gifts. Continuing this misguided vaccine crusade by putting millions of children at risk of serious side effects with no real benefit would be misguided at best, evil at worst.
This COVID vaccine does not have significant long term studies that this is safe for our children. I’m outraged that you are even considering it for children between 5-11 years old. They have a 99.97% chance of surviving this disease so there is no reason to vaccinate them. Stop this now!!!! Shawn Gallaway
Children are enormously more likely to die from the vaccine than from COVID. It would make absolutely no sense to make the vaccine available to 5-12 year old children. Pushing COVID vaccines on children should be considered criminal. Please leave the children alone, they are our future. Thank you in advance. 
I am strongly opposed to giving the Phizer emergency shot to children ages 5-11. This is not the responsibility of government but of parents. Please do not allow the FDA to approve this experiment on our children. It has not been proven safe.
I am very against the covid inoculations! We should all have the freedom to chose what is best for us. 
It's difficult to comment when YOU know as well as I and half the world that covid is not a threat to children in this age group. You are undermining the credibility of the FDA by going this far. Do the right thing and stop..you'll do the FDA a favor. This decision will make or break the FDA with no uncertainty. 
I am very against any vaccine mandate for any human being. I believe people need to make the choices for their particular health situations. I am very against vaccinations given to children that have not been tested to determine safety. I believe it is a choice if you want to be a part of a medical health study.
NO experimental gene therapy mandates. The shots are toxic to humans, tens of thousand have DIED. Don’t poison our children.
Why are more and more doctors and scientists around the world coming out against these so-called vaccines? We know you want to kill us and that’s why you’re doing it.
The risks to children from Covid is tiny. The risks of the vaccine are much greater. Please do not approve the vaccines for children!
Stop calling this a vaccine. It is a therapeutic. The detrimental side effects on children outweigh the therapeutic effect.
Drugs and vaccines should go through years of rigorous trials before they are considered safe to use in large populations, especially children. I’m not sure why that use to be the standard in this country and no longer is. Children have a 99% survival rate against Covid. I think pushing this out on children is a big mistake and I think it should be carefully considered. 
It is completely unnecessary to mandate this vaccine for Covid-19. We do not have enough data to support that it is even effective for them vs the harm it could cause. Also, it should always be a choice.
Our children do not need to be vaccinated against COVID. I don't want it just like I don't want or give my children the flu vaccines. They are strong, healthy children and they are able to fight these illnesses without help. Save the vaccines for those that need it or want it. Give a choice!
Our children are not test dummies, they should not be subject to taking a shot that long termEffects have not been studied. We deserve freedom of medical choice! 
We do not have enough information to issue a mandate for our youth.
I do not consent to mandate for vaccine when it comes to my children 
Sample size for children was only 2,000!!! Study was too small to detect potential risk of heart inflammation. How is this even ok?!?! These are our children! So if a perfectly healthy child gets the vaccine and develops heart inflammation it’s worth it? It could be YOUR child. 
Our children are not your property! And never will be! You’ll be count accountable for making any bad decisions that will harm the children! God is great!
No vaccine mandate for kids! We will not give experimental vaccines to our children!
There's no need to vaccinate children against a flu like virus that has a 99. 6% survivability. Protect our children. They're getting enough jabs as it is. There are enough therapeutics available to treat an individual case.
Kids are at more risk of doing from the flu than COVID. The long term risks from these new vaccines are unknown. The risk-reward is very bad for vaccinating kids. Don't do it.
We believe in personal choice for the vaccine. Having a family with heart issues and bad allergic reactions we have to becarful what we allow into our bodies
There is no evidence that children get very sick from Covid so they shouldn't have to get the vaccine.
I don't think children should have to get COVID vaccine 
Children are at an extremely low risk for any danger from Covid so there is no need for all of them to get vaccinated. Only the ones that are in danger if they get Covid. That is a very small percentage of all children. One size does not fit all
I removed my child from both public and private school because of this mandate. 
I live in southern Connecticut which was ground zero for COVID for months yet I know no one who died from Covid. I do know three people who died after they got vaccinated. This gene therapy shot isn’t safe and should NEVER be given to children!!
Children 5-11 do not need to be vaccinated against covid-19. It is outrageous and contradicts all data provided by the FDA and CDC. In violation of the Nuremberg code, children, or any human being, will not, can not be tested on with this experimental gene therapy "vaccine". This is absolute lunacy. Do not allow this to happen. It is your children too that will be affected.
Since the risk of covid is statistically negligible for children, the long term effects of the vaccine are unknown and the vaccine does not prevent transmission of the virus, there is no justification for vaccinating 5-11 year olds.
I do NOT consent. I do NOT approve of this. And I will NOT be letting my children have this vaccine. 
Do not allow our children to be given this experimental and unproven vaccine. There’s no reason to give healthy children a vaccine that is not a threat to them. Stop it now!
No Vaccines for children - this is sinister and uncalled for. All mandates are against our liberties.
The audacity that the government is attempting to dictate to every "adult" in this nation what their healthcare needs "should be" is unfathomable...but to NOW attempt to include our children is plain EVIL and ungodly. We DO NOT live in the "Land of the free and home of the brave!" This country reminds me more and more of Nazi Germany! GOD HELP US!
If facts and science actually matter, this is unnecessary, irresponsible and dangerous. There is no other logical conclusion for children this age. 
Please do not force vaccines upon us or our children. It is un-American to legislate medical decisions and we all lose our freedom if this passes. 
Please reconsider not rushing vaccine approval for children. There has NOT been sufficient trials to be mandated, especially when side effects can outweigh any benefit to boys. 
Please do not approve the EUA vaccine in children until all the long term safety and efficacy data has been established. This mandate will ignite tremendous back lash with those parents that feel we don’t have enough data to be doing this. 
Mandating this vaccine for children is not only unconstitutional but it violates parent's rights to care for their own children as they see fit. The USA is a free country and government agencies should not be trying to force things on the free citizens of this country!!
It is despicable enough that you are trying to ram vaccines down adult throats without adequate testing and data collections to determine efficacy and LONG-TERM safety, but to suggest using children as your guinea pigs in deplorable! This is just another, yet another, money grab from big pharma with no consideration or concern for collateral damage!
Parents should be deciding if there children receve the vaccine. It's been established that 99.9% of children that get the flu will survive and be fine. Let them help establish herd immumity. There's no reason what so ever to vaccinate children. If the teachers are concerned they can get the vaccine. 
FREEDOM IS OUR RIGHT ! TO CHOOSE FOR WHAT IS BEST FOR MY BODY! NOT THE FUCKING CDC OR GOVERNMENT!
There was never a reason to vaccinate children against this virus . For one person to be prevented from getting this disease 100 children would die from the vaccine. Even elderly people die more from this jab then are saved by it. 
Are you people crazy kids immune system will combat any covid-19 symptoms they do not need a vaccine and who are you tell us parents that we need to give our child a vaccine this goes against our chart of Rights you are overstepping your legal powers you're basically being Nazis
There is no reason to vaccinate a population that has over a 99% survival rate. There are no long term studies conducted on this style of vaccine. 
No to children's vaccines. How could you possibly consider mandating vaccines to our kids. Shame on you !
The risks of Covid for children do not outweigh the risks from the vaccine. The Covid vaccine have more reports on VAERS than all previous vaccines combined from the last. 30 years. This is not the definition of safe. Are children should not continue to be a science project. Let common sense prevail!!
Children should not be mandated to have the COVID vaccine. No one should be mandated to.
Please don't mandate COVID-19 vaxes for children. It's so dangerous. There have not been honest, long-term studies. We already know that there are greater risks for younger people and that COVID is not deadly for children unless they have comorbidities. Everything about this virus has been corrupted by money. Please put the safety of children above money. 
The FDA should not mandate covid vaccines for children because children are not at risk from Covid at a level that would justify such a mandate and the vaccine does not prevent people (including children) from contracting and spreading the virus. 
Please do not EUA the Covid 19 vaccines for children under 12 years of age. We don't even know the long term effects for adults of this product. We need more longer safety trials before even considering this. Please take a stand against the political pressure. 
I am sending my protest to the potential mass vaccination of children. This is flagrant government overreach and abuse of power. This drug has not been properly vetted, there is no long term study with evidence on the effects on the reproductive processes, or any other consequences or side effects. 
Hey ... leave them kids alone!You are complicit (5 dirty word) in this and Nuremberg type trials may be looming if you hurt kids...
No, No, No!!! I am very opposed to mandating the Covid vaccine for 5-12 year old children. This age group has a survival rate of 99.998% against the virus, and according to the VAERS reporting data, there is a greater risk of children having a more serious adverse affect from the vaccine than the virus itself. Do not approve this experimental gene therapy. 
Please do not mandate vaccines for anyone, especially children.
5-11 years old have been dealing with this pandemic situation since the last 20 months, for the majority of them have been able to continue with the day-to-day activities inspite of the high number of covid cases. They have survived this and I am confident that they will continue to do so without the need for the vaccines. Let kids be kids!
The fact you are considering such is a tyrannical overreach of your authority and in direct violation of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. We the people do want you to stop pretending you are in charge because you are our servants and i revoke all agreement with you tyranny! 
There is no reason to vaccinate children 5-11, who have a 99.9993% survival rate. 
Do not mandate the vaccine on our children. We need many more studies and trials before we can approve this on children. We do not know enough about the side effects to growing bodies such as 5 year old's and if negative effects materialize down the road, it will have devastating effects to our children. We should protect them, not use them as lab rats.
Dear Sirs/Ladies. It is unconscionable that you would even DISCUSS such a thing as a EMERGENCY USE AUTHORIZATION for your youngest citizens who are at a 99.98% chance of surviving a covid episode. You have NO KNOWLEDGE of the long term effects this would have on our most precious babes. You must stop this insanity. Please do not do this horrific abominable thing.
Graphine oxide in the jab is poison. It is murder of our children. 
And if this is a colossal mistake, which I believe it to be…what will happen to the next generation? Will they be disabled or dead?
I am in FULL support of providing vaccines for 5-11 year olds. As a parent whose child attends public school the knowledge that she would be protected as well as able to better protect her brother who has battled a compromised immune system will be a relief. 
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults..
Hello, NO Covid Vaccine for kids 5 -12 years old please. 
Most children do not have serious illness with covid and therefore it should not be mandated. Illnesses with mandated vaccination are usually more universally severe for all that are infected. 
Where as a simple aspirin new to the market with a associated death rate as low as 5 persons would be immediately removed from the market, why is it that the vaccines released to the market with a recorded death rate over a person’s would be allowed to be available and not removed from the market?
Stop playing God. Leave our children out of this. Period.
Vaccine mandates is against our rights and especially a forced vaccination on a child. This does not represent the United States of America. Do not go through with this. 
Do not risk the safety of one of our most vulnerable populations on an experimental gene therapy with unknowable long term effects. Particularly since the young ones are largely not in danger of life threatening illness.
I say no! To vaccinations for children we do not know the long term effects of these vaccines. Most people clear the virus we hardly any effects yet we treat it like the plague. I know many people whom have had it and none have died. I also know vaccinated adults whom all have side effects ranging from food not tasting right to serious health problems.
Children do not need the vaccine as they handle Covid very well. They have a bigger chance of being harmed by the vaccine than being helped. And of course we do not know the long term effects of the vaccine. Will my granddaughter be able to have children?We must save the children. Please say no.
We have the rights as parents to determine our children's health. Political agenda has no room in the American Nuclear Family.
Not acceptable, this isn’t science, this is tyranny. You will not touch the children.
Kids DO NOT need the vaccine and we shouldn’t give it to them without knowing the effects it can have. Stop this please. Do not poison our future.
There are not enough studies done to show it is necessary. If not high risk a child should not be required to get the shot. 
Please do not impose a mandatory vaccine to combat covid for our children. From what I understand, there is an extremely low risk of serious illness or death for this age group.Thank you,Mark
I do not believe we should approve for children. There are not enough studies regarding side effects. Please don’t approve until more data is acquired. Covid vaccine for children 
I do not support Covid vaccines for our young children ages 5-12. We do not know the long term effects of any of the 3 major brands and since they are protected from any consequences from their vaccines, we should not allow children to bear the brunt of these unknowns. 
Do not approve this so called vaccine for the children, why try to sum up research in months which usually takes years to complete, its not safe nor effective in adults, don't touch the children! You will have to answer to God one day ! Stop doing harm to the children in Jesus name, Amen!
I do NOT agree with the vaccine mandate and I will not comply, neither will my children. 
This is government overreach & it MUST be STOPPED. ONLY Parents & Legal Guardians have the Right to make decisions about their children’s health, education & welfare. Follow the U.S. Constitution & LEAVE OUR CHILDREN ALONE!!!!
This recommended drug hasn’t been tested long enough to be mandated to children. There have been no long term studies and until this is done, you should not call a drug safe. Especially for a virus that harms so few of them terminally. 
It is not the within the government’s function to order me, my family, or any American family to be subjected to any medical procedure. The COVID-19 vaccine doesn’t prevent acquiring or transmitting the COVID-19 virus, therefore, it is an individual’s choice to accept the risks vs reward. I’m strongly opposed to this government overreach and will not accept it. 
There is no long term data on this vaccine for children it is a crime against humanity to pass this say no. Nancy Bonhomme Bethany Beach DE 19930
Are you going to give the same dose of vaccine to a 5year old as a 11year old? Is this dosed by weight? If not, how are you certain that a 5 year old can handle the same amount of spike protein as an 11 year old and have no adverse side effects? There are NO long term studies to show that this vaccine is safe for children in the long ter.
This Covid 19 vaccine should not be mandated for adults and especially not children. You will get a max exodus of children in schools. This vaccine is killing and seriously injuring people right now. Stop!
I am strongly against COVID vaccinations, especially for children. This is all anti-scented and violates human rights. It's dictatorship and fascism. 
I am opposed to COVID vaccines being administered to children. Despite the so-called testing of the vaccine, NO ONE KNOWS WHAT THE LONG TERM RISKS ARE FOR ANYONE - ESPECIALLY CHILDREN. One of my young adult granddaughters recently had a serious diagnosis as the result of that vaccine. 
The vaccines are not working for adults and have had more adverse reactions than I can enumerate. We, as a nation have no business giving this unapproved drug concoction to our children!!
 I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. At this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines. 
Against our individual rights & religious beliefs!! NOBODY knows long term side effects, It is an impossible statement to say that you know what the long term effects are.
DO NOT DO THIS. This is government overreach of the highest magnitude. There are no long term studies and you are killing people. Take this jab and shove it.
Total death rate of Covid 19 in the US per CDC for kids under the age of 18 after 19 months of 'pandemic' is 637 deaths,presumably among kids with underlying health conditions! This is preposterous! More kids drown in pools or get into traffic accidents than anything else! Stop experimenting on our Citizens. https://data.cdc.gov/NCHS/Deaths-by-Sex-Ages-0-18-years/xa4b-4pzv
Please do not try to mandate COVID vaccines for children. It’s already tough for adults to withstand the pressure and propaganda, it would be sick to do it to our kids. We will never allow it so I’m asking you to please allow us to make that choice without excluding them from normal life.
I am asking you to stop the mandates for all civid vaccines, but in particular fir children! Under the age of 18. Covid is barely a problem for children and there is no data that supports giving an untested new technology to children! There is no long term data to know about implications in the future.
This is wrong these shot have not been approved by anyone!!! You have said these are not for children!!! This has nothing to do with a virus this is all about politics!!! We are free Americans , u have no right to take our children as prisoners and give them a shot that parents have not have our say so !!! Stop this now !!!
Mandating vaccines for anyone is absurd. You can not make someone put something into their bodies that they don't want. 
Please don’t give the covid vaccine to kids. They have hardly any trouble getting over the disease. The statistics is clear on this!
Children should not be given these vaccines due to the massive amounts of vaccine injuries that have already taken place in adults and teenagers!
Do not approve this vaccine for children. The risk is too great. Put aside your profits for a moment and consider the fact that you many be complicit in the death of children. 
Unnecessary and poorly tested Covid 19 vaccine, should not be pushed through for political expediency, at the risk of children.
The government has no business in dictating my personal health decisions. Including with respect to whether or not should take a vaccine, modify my body, or limit my freedom of movement within the borders of the USA as a free citizen.
I am a grandparent, and I am OUTRAGED that you would even consider administering a MRna to a child, much less to anyone under 18 yrs old!!! It is very apparent that the FDA, CDC, NIH and fauci are deliberately wanting to infect and destroy the health of our children! May God have mercy on ALL your souls ...
I am against mandating covid-19 vaccines for children ages 5 - 12. Parents must approve any vaccines given to children.
Kids do not need the vaccine. There is no need as there has not been many kid deaths from COVID. 
The American people, and people around the world, have woken up to the corruption at the FDA. Everyone who attempts to persuade an approval for thie covid 19 harmful injection or approves this poison for children will personally be held accountable for the injuries and death it causes.
Do you not mandate the Covid vaccine for our children
I am very against Covid vaccines for children since there is not enough study and unknown long term affects 
Do not vote in favour of v@xing children when they are not in danger of cv19...their natural immunity is far better and less harmful than the jab...wake up to the Tyranny going on around the world...LEAVE THE CHILDREN BE!!!!!!!!
Do not approve these experimental covid shots for children. Adverse reactions are off the chart. These offer NO benefit to children, only risk and harm. This is beyond criminal. Period.
Current research shows that young children are at a near zero risk of serious health problems from covid and this mandate is not based on science or data available 
Absolutely criminal. People are seeing right through this! 
Please, please do not do this! Children, even more than adults are at far greater risk of harm from the vaccine than from COVID. Please protect the children, don't harm them.
This is not recommended for children in so many other countries! Have you lost your mind? 
These Covid-19 injections have not had long term trials. More data is coming out on the adverse reactions and deaths as governments permit mass vaccinations to be done on the general populations. As long as I live, I will never allow my children to be injected with this. Come back in 20 years and tell me there are no serious side effects and I’ll consider it. 
This is wrong! This is an experimental drug for a virus that has a 99.3% survival rate. It’s already been stated that the new variants are in no way more detrimental to kids. No one knows the long term effects this vaccination will have on our children. Stop this insanity!
FDA-2021-N-1088 “Vaccines and Related Biological Products; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments.” Please address natural immunity and alternative protocols such as antibody testing. Millions of adults and children are naturally immunized and it would be unscientific to not consider this important fact when deciding what’s best for the little ones.
Mandating the vaccine for our littles is completely irresponsible. There has been no long term studies to see the effects of this vaccine. This is a violation of our constitutional rights, & is taking away the parents freedom of choice.
I am opposed to the vaccine mandate in general and especially for children who have a much greater risk of vaccine injury or death than from covid itself. 
No to vaccines for children ages 5-11 years old. This is unnecessary and dangerous for our children. 
My children have severe allergic reactions to vaccines and I have associates who have also been injured by them. A vaccine is not a one size fits all as individuals have their own health challenges. It’s unconstitutional to mandate such a vaccine. My family and I oppose it at the highest level.
We do not have any studies on the long-term effects of the Covid vaccine on adults, let alone kids. Please say no to Covid vaccines for kids, and especially NO to Covid mandates for all ages.
The vaccine mandate for children is completely unnecessary! Please reconsider this! It is a blatant and unneeded infringement on our rights
There is not enough data to support approvals yet. Please. Do what's right. 
Please do not approve these COVId-19 vaccines for children 5-11. We still don’t know long term affects of these vaccines and I am worried the children will be used an expirement. Please protect them 
the science does not support the need to mandate anyone to get this MRNA shoot especially children!
It is unnecessary to force a vaccine on young children who have very small chance of death. Medical decisions need to be the parents decision, with no government mandates please. Please look at the stats. Please use common sense!
Please don't mandate the shots for kids they are not in danger of dying from covid
The vaccines should not be approved. The risks far outweigh the benefits. Risk for Covid is very very low for children and the risks for the vaccine include blood clotting and unknown long term effects that could be bad. This is not necessary.
Please approve the EUA for kids 5-11. As the parent of two kids in this age group in a state where public health measures have not been implemented, we are desperate for this vaccine so we can resume more normal activities. My children are among the few wearing masks at school. No one else is protecting them. We need the vaccine. 
There is no reason to force vaccination in children this young when the published efficacy does not fall in line with actual data. Stop forcing a false narrative and let people make personal cjoches for themselves and their children. 
I will not make my child get a vaccine.... I believe it is the parents choice to vaccinate their own child and not the government making them.. 
It is not safe and dangerous to give a vaccine with no long term studies done to children. No one knows the long term effects these vaccines are going to have on children and should not be given approved for the population at large without the proper studies being conducted. 
Horrific that ages 5-11 are even being considered for vaccination when they have next to zero risk! Risk does not outweigh the benefit. The vaccine is primarily to protect the patient, which they do not need to be protected. Children do not need to be injected to protect adults who have already had their chance to be vaccinated. 
I am against vaccines and related biological products for children and babies. The choice must be and always be with the parents. This includes for school or any other public or private participation. 
It is UNCONSTITUTIONAL to mandate ANY medical/health procedure on anyone in the United States of America! These poor children have little to no chance of contracting or spreading the virus. Follow the ACTUAL SCIENCE! AND DO THE RIGHT THING! NO MANDATES!!!
Please, do not recommend vaccines for our children. Children who get covid have a 99.9% record of recovery; that stat defies the need for a vaccine. More children die in swimming pools than from covid. Also, those who have been vax'd show an increase in myocarditis. The vaccine is more of a threat than a deterent.
A mandate to vaccinate children is absolutely wrong! The age group being discussed has very small risk of severe side effects. There is no study on long term side effects. Please do not sign this bill!
Young children should NOT be subjected to experimental gene therapy. They have 99% plus chance of recovery and are at low risk of transmission. STOP this insanity now!
This is not okay !Why are we trying to mandate a vaccine that has no real research about long term effects. Our children deserve better then this. We have never had any vaccine mandated in children . Why this one ? Please think about our children, they deserve to live a healthy life . Please do not mandate this experimental vaccine on our innocent children ….PLEASE !!! 
I do not believe that this vaccine is safe or needed for children ages 5-11. My Child will not be used as a guinne pig to find out if this vaccine is safe in children, and no one else's should either.
Please respect individual medical rights and the rights of parents to advocate for their children. Mass mandates of this vaccine are not warranted. I implore you to preserve the sanctity of our Freedoms here in America. 
The vaccine is insafe for adults & even worse off for kids. NO govt. Should put our kids @ risk for the sake of a virus that doesn't seem to affect most of them. This drug is still in the experimental phase.
This is an absolute abuse of power to force children to put toxins in their bodies. It is known that children are a low risk for Covid. If this enforcement is instituted, these children will have to endure severe side effects and even death. Keep the Covid vaccine far away from children!!
Absolutely not. I will not allow my child to receive the vaccine. I will pull my child from school. 
Please, do not approve the cv-19 vax for children 5-11 years old! It's not safe and should not be administered to any children. There has been too many adverse reactions to this.
Strongly oppose inoculating for a virus with over a 98% natural recovery rate. No need for it. 
It is not safe for children to get this shot. Some adults are developing a heart condition from it, I can only imagine what kids will develop from this. 
This mandate to vaccinate children is sinful! Not enough study has gone into to these vaccines. Children are not dying if Covid. This topic is very political. I am a democrat & this sin is being pushed by the Democratic Party. We the ppl are not blind. Please stop this from going into our children. 
I am against mandating covid vaccine for anyone but especially for children. An experimental vaccine may have many bad side effects unknown at this time. Children have very low risk even if they get covid. Is no reason for children to get the vaccine. This vaccine should NOT be approved for children at this time. Thank you. 
There is no need or benefit to mandate covid vaccinations on the children. They have proven to be minutely affected by covid-19 and serious effects are very rare. The children should not be the next designated test subjects. Go back and find out why these vaccines have caused so many heart attacks in otherwise healthy individuals before you make up a reason to poison the children next. 
Please don't mandate vaccines especially for children whose risk of covid is low. There is still too little known about the long term effects.
There is NO long term data showing the covid 19 vaccines are safe for children. I object to the vaccine having emergency use authorization and FDA approval until we have 10-15 years of data to prove safety and effectiveness. 
Are your children getting vaccinated? Or is it just "other" children?
Children are at a 0% statistical chance of dying from COVID and do NOT need a vaccine, esp. one that has resulted in many side effects and that has no long-term safety data! This is an irresponsible move motivated by financial interests, not science, and should not be undertaken under any circumstances. Leave the children alone! 
Children are at the lowest risk of COVID-19, it makes no sense to vaccinate a child for a virus that will cause negligible harm to them. This is absurd and you should be ashamed of yourselves for trying to push this untested, experimental gene therapy on innocent children without knowing the long term side effects. You are all evil.
Leave the children alone! Medical freedom of choice for all children and adults!
My Children don't need the Pfizer vaccine. My Family already contracted COVID. We ran a cost/benefit analysis of the vaccine for kids and the cost far outweigh the benefits since so little under 17of age children have died from COVID. 
I will not vaccinate my children, no child has died without already having a comorbitity. It is not properly tested for long term affects. You are out of your minds to do this to children
Absolutely unequivocally NO to vaccine mandates for ANY REASON for our children. The benefits do NOT outweigh the risk. The covid vaccine does NOT prevent infection or transmission. NO 
I am completely opposed to mandated vaccines for anyone. My body, my choice. Mandated vaccines also limit medical information privacy.
NO TO COVID VACCINATIONS FOR KIDS 5-11!! It does not help stop the spread, it does not prevent them from catching it. It is NOT like former school vaccines, which are also a CHOICE. No to taking a shot for a virus which most kids have a 99% SURVIVAL RATE without the jab.
I am adamantly against any substance being injected into my grandson’s bodies. My oldest already has a vaccine injury. I object on a spiritual level, medical level and logical level. 
No mandate vaccine to our children. This is against the constitution. 
Please don't mandate the Covid vaccine to 5-12 year olds. We don't know enough about the effects of this drug yet.
It is unethical to use our children as experimental test subjects. With a 99.9% survival rate for this age group this is not necessary. 
Are you Crazy or Evil? Children are not at risk! These injections have zero benefit to the children. How much money are you receiving for pushing big pharma agenda! You are hereby ordered to stop! We are watching!
Authorization of a Vaccine where the companies have a zero liability clause is immorral. Having the media not cover the VAERS numbers is also immorral. Stop pushing these vaccines that have been PROVEN to cause negative adverse reactions including death. This is GENOCIDE and those pushing these vaccines are guilty of crimes against humanity. Remember Nuremberg trials!
Children should be spared from this vaccine! How can you continue to inject this poison into everyone?!? Is the $ really worth all the lives you are killing? Stop it! Find it in your heart to say this is wrong! Think of your judgment day, are you willing to stand for Gods creation or to destroy it?
Never make anything new mandatory especially for kids!! My husband is on medication since taking the vaccine. Please also consider the covid recovered people who have natural immunity that lasts very long!!
Please do not authorize this injection for children. 0.0007% fatality for kids is no ground for authorizing. 
According to published data by the CDC, 99.99815% children survive COVID. This is not an emergency for them. The benefits do not outweigh the costs (myocarditis, blood clots, unknown long term side effects). You will no doubt be complicit in causing irreperable harm to children if this is approved. Please stand firm; say NO.
Please I am against vaccinating children without parents approval for ages 5 to 12
Please DO NOT approve/consider this not science-driven request for mRNA vaccine EUA on children at this stage. The methodologies and data from drug companies could be very flawed and extremely self-served. Children's lives and welfare matter!
Not in agreement with mandatory masks or vaccination for children or adults. My body my choice. My child my responsibility. Hands off our rights
Do NOT even think about requiring covid jabs to our children! This is medical tyranny and you will reap only negative repercussions from such a thing! Do not do this to yourselves or our children 
Just stop this nonsense. There is no more pandemic. People pouring over the borders. People flying in from Afghanistan...unvaxxed and stealing our money.
I oppose the FDA’s decision to mandate any mass vaccinations on children 5-11 years old. There are not enough long term studies to prove that these vaccines are safe or effective. Children are not at high risk for hospitalization or death. The vaccine also doesn’t stop the spread. Leave children out of your experiment. 
According to VAERS data, tens of thousands people died and hundreds of thousands people were injured by so-called covid vaccines. Stop promoting, mandating and administering these deadly vaccines to adults and children.
Please do not approve the COVID vaccine for children. The risk of MSI-C and ultimately unrepairable heart damage for any child is too great compared to the risk of actually getting the virus and having long term effects from it. 
Absolutely do not approve injecting children with an experimental vaccine, especially not without parental consent.
America's children must be free from government forced vaccinations.
I’ve recently spoken to many people that have lost loved ones to the vaccine or are having serious neurological side effects themselves, these people were healthy. Please do not mandate these on children
They are completely unnecessary, so why do them?Tell me!
There is no reason why our kids or our selves should be forced to inject something into out bodies if we are NOT comfortable. Our babies have the highest chance of survival WITHOUT the vaccine. My kids will not get it. 
Please do not approve the vaccines for Covid for children 5 to 11! These children have a 99.997 percent chance of surviving Covid! The vaccine may do damage to children of which we do not know about! Please do not experiment on our nation’s children!
Stay away from my children. They WILL NOT be poisoned with that covid 19 vaccine. 
Stop this madness!!! I am opposed to any vaccine mandate period. Freedom of Choice
I think mandatory vaccone for children ages 5 to 12 is wrong. Not only wrong but dangerous. There have been numerous reports of adverse reactions in children, including possible and permanent issues with sterilty.
Stop this assault on people who have strong immunity of forcing vaccines. This is inhumane and unconstitutional
I do not approve of vaccinatingy child with an experimental drug. I dissapprove of this meeting to vacci ate young children whom are not severly effected by covid 19. 
I’m am against vaccine mandates for children or any person! Absolutely a government overreach and not acceptable! 
Because it’s wrong. Our immune systems are qualified to fight against all kinds of viruses. Exposure to these viruses is essential to our immune systems! Stop pushing big pharma at us! 
Please do not experiment on 5-11 year olds with Covid 19 shots of any kind. They are much better off with natural immunity and you have no idea of long term effects. 
Please oppose approval of covid vaccine for 5-11 year olds. Our children do not need this, the long term effects are not studied. I beg you to not have this go forward 
Please do not mandate the COVID-19 shots for children. They are so new. We haven’t had them long enough to test their long term effects. There needs to be more research, more discussion, more time. 
I do not support mandatory vaccines for children or anyone for that matter. Represent the people and our rights to choose. 
This is not safe for children and NOT in their best interest. They do not deserve the problems that may arise from these problematic Vaccines. We are being lied to and please help protect the children. 
Please stop these vaccine mandates. This is unconstitutional to give these experimental drugs to anyone especially children. This is outrageous and insane to give our children who can naturally fight this virus with a strong snd healthy immune system. Please stop this!! Help our children and next generations.
Please do not mandate the Covid vaccine for children. 
I am vehemently against giving any children the Covid shot, especially the 5-11 year old ones
Don't make our children lab rat studies -- they have healthy immune systems and should they get sick from a cold or flu, they have natural immunity for life. STOP THIS INSANITY
Stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine. 
Please DO NOT force vaccinate my grandchildren against COvid! Force vaccination is unconstitutional. DO NOT further an already murderous agenda by forcing innocent children 5-11 years old to be vaccinated!
A COVID-19 vaccine for children is unnecessary and dangerous. Adults are having adverse reactions and children do not need to suffer. There is insufficient data and no long time studies. Children’s immune systems are enough for a virus with over a 99.9 percent survival rate.
I am apposed to this unsafe, and untested vaccine for children. Children are very low risk to being negatively impacted by Covid-19. The risk of the vaccine injurying them is are far more than being injured by COVID. Do not approve this for kids, this is a very dangerous “vaccine” for kids. 
Do no harm! But the current selection of Covid-19 vaccines clearing have a gowning list of harm done to a large number of ejectees. Covid-19 has shown little harm to those under 12. Most don't even know they've had it. So, why risk death for far more that those few the risk death without an injection.
Please do not allow the Covid shot for children. Studies have proven there is less than a 1% chance of long term affects should they get Covid. The long term affects (which are truly unknown at this time) far outweigh the benefits. This would be child abuse if you approve.
Please do not approve any Covid vaccine for children of any age as statistics show their mortality rate from Covid is no worse than the common flu, and adverse reactions are possible.
Please do not approve COVID Vaccine for kids. There is not enough evidence or studies done. Please do not do this. Thank you 
School aged children should not be mandated to receive the covid 19 vaccine. The data reflects that most children or the majority of children, recover safely and develop antibodies that helps them for future reoccurring infections. 
Parents should choose what goes into their child’s body. Forcing an experimental shot with side effects and/or death is illegal, unlawful and unconstitutional. Stop mandates. Stop dictatorship. There is no emergency. Children are not dying from the man made virus from Fauci. Adults and children have a 99.9% recovery from the Covid19 flu. Approving an unnecessary shot is absurd. 
This is an experimental vaccine. Children have a 99.9 survival rate if they get Covid-19. Would you give your children an experimental shot not a vaccine!!
Stop all plans to impose the 5-12 vax on citizens. Look at the destruction of the immune system and the deaths attributed to the imposed vaxes. 
Please do not allow covid vaccine for ages 0 to 18 or force any covid vaccine for any age. 
The data behind administering the vaccine on children shows a high mortality rate. Approval would be unlawful in any court. 
We ask & stand for Medical Freedom! Parental Choice!!No Fear!This must STOP! This virus does NOT affect children! Say no to mandates!!
I’m a mother of 2 and 100% against these vaccine mandates! There is no science that shows why our children should take this experimental drug! The survival rate is just fine by me! 
Please don’t sterilize or kill our children. We are on to you. Stop these mandates. You work for we the people. Stop being villains please. Please do the right thing. Please save humanity
COVID vaccines are killing many people and we don't know why. There are plenty of cheaper options not used. What's the real purpose behind this! Why trying to harm children? Who is behind all this nonsense? STOP now. Don't give no more Covid vaccines.
I strongly oppose the mandate that children be vaccinated for Covid 19. There are not enough long-term studies. The death rate of children who contract COVID-19 is less than 1%. This will be detrimental to the public school system as there will be a mass exodus.
Im writing to urge you to not approve and EUA for ages 5-11. The inherent risks of this vaccine do not outweigh the reward. Children are not at high risk for complications or death from COVID-19. Please follow the data, the real life facts that we have from the last 19+ months.Thank you, Alex Kasprzak
The Covid vax is untested and dangerous. Please protect our children from them!
It is so wrong to mandate the vaccine to children period. They have the antibodies to to fight this covid. Because they are still in the growth stage, thus could affect or cause future harm as these vaccinations are NOT FDA approved. Don't know the ramifications in years to come. To add, not enough evidence on side effects ect. I am a grand parent and believe they are too young. 
Our children are not test samples! Our kids deserve the right to decline! Us adults were forced to keep jobs but our children shouldn’t have to u til they are of age to make this decision for themselves. 
there are a good number of health experts who oppose vaccines for children because of the risks involved. i'm in agreement i'm opposed to vaccinating young children
Please oppose this vaccine. My children will not get it either way, but I do not want to remove them from the school they love. 
We do not know the long-term side effects of this vaccine. It's way too early to be giving it to our children.
Absolutely no vaccines for children 5-12 should ever be mandated! Too many have taken this and are either damaged or have died! We are not going to harm our children! 
Kids are statistically at zero risk of Covid; the risks associated with the vaccines are significantly higher and the long term risks are completely unknown. These shots should not be given to kids!
No! Do not ruin their innate immunity. I have read through the trial info and it was not adequately. Too small and the fact that no one in the vaccine or control group got Covid tells us nothing. Protect the kids. Adults don’t ask kids to protect them. Adults protect kids. 
My child is 5 years old and just started kindergarten. He loves his school, teacher and learning. If this vaccine passes through by the Emergency act and is forced upon our children I will be forced to remove him from the public school he loves. My child will not be an experiment and no child should be. Please do not mandate this vaccine for our children before it needs to be. 
There is no way I would use this experimental vaccine on any child! My son is a paramedic and he sees young men dying from strokes and heart attacks! Two of my family members were injured and one almost died
I do not agree with anyone who has not consented, but especially children, being a part of these "clinical trials". This is neither moral or ethical to move forward with vaccinating children against a virus that does not effect them and for which we have no long term data to know how it might damage them down the road. 
First do no harm. You need learn more about how it effects our kids.
There will be a mass exodus in schools if this goes through. And that's a guarantee.
The Covid-19 vaccine, nor any other vaccine for that matter, should be mandated for kids. Parents should keep the right to choose what is best for their kids.
I believe that no government agency should ever have the right to tell the parents what they must do with their childrens health. The government screwed up everything it touches and there is no way I will listen to their supposed science. If the Covid vaccine was so good they wouldn’t have to force it on everyone when the constitution protects us from having to comply. 
Clinical trials have been even finished in this age group does not need them.
No EUA mandates, especially for children, and when there is next to zero threat of death from Covid-19 to children and alternative therapeutics that have already been proven safe. Stop killing people with injections (and stop calling them vaccines when they are not a vaccination). 
COVID 19 has a 99.98% survival rate in children. They do NOT need these vaccines. 
I strongly oppose the vaccine mandate. This should not be something that is forced, and people in the USA should be able to choose for themselves. It is ridiculous for this to be mandatory for children as well. Please! I beg you, stop the mandate for vaccinations. 
I disagree with the children vaccine, there is no long term evidence on what this will do to their young, still developing bodies. The risk of children dying from Covid is like the risk that they may die in a car accident on the way to school. I see no benefit, please keep our kids safe!! 
Please reconsider this! You know it will lead to mandates on our children and no one can know what will happen in 5, 10, 50 years to the children as a result of this vaccine. 
I am very concerned with the idea of mass vaccination of our children. It has been proven these vaccines have a marid of side effects. Our kids are not even at risk. Please please consider these when making this decision. It should be a family's own decision.
There is absolutely no scientific proof that children need these shots! They have a very high survival rate and do well with the virus. The vaccines have a lot of adverse reactions that are not insignificant! Why are you really wanting this for our children?! Money? Fame? Greed? Bribery? Nothing else makes any sense. Protect our children and their future, do not destroy them!
I think it's absolutely disgusting that yous would try and give our kids these vaccines after known fine well what they are capable of doing to their young bodies I think should be a ashamed nothing but greed. An control . I think yous have done enough with your fake drugs and medicines
Childrens bodies are changing all the time! They could have a life threatening reaction to this vaccine! There is not enough scientific evidence that COVID effects our children in a life threatening way… the vaccine does! This is not okay! Let the parents be the ones to make medical decisions for our children! We will not back down! 
Our family is excited to finally be able to get our 9 year old vaccinated!
This is un-American and acceptable to force children against their parents' wishes. These vaccines are UNPROVEN and dangerous. Stop this ridiculousness and come back to a freedom from tyranny.
No Vaccine Mandates for our children. No experimental gene therapy on our 5-11 year olds. This violates our Constitution and the Nuremberg Code. 
I am I am against giving children the vaccine. It is not approved by the FDA and they don’t need to be experimented on.
The vaccinations aren’t working. People are still getting Covid, transmitting it and ending up in the hospital. The data is quite clear that people are being harmed and dying from these injections. Given all of this information why would you even consider this? 
I vehemently oppose this over reach of government and my God ordained liberty of conscience by those who believe they have the right to curtail freedom for the sake of "the common good"!
I am strongly against the vaccine for children. They are at low to no risk of dying from covid. All the data suggests they are at increased risk of adverse side affects. Other countries have already stopped vaccinating children because of this. We should learn from other countries not ignore information. 
From information I have read, there are more adverse problems from children being vaccinated than there are benefits. Transmission to and from children of Covid 19 is rare, so the decision should be left up to parents, not be forced on them. We do live in America, the land of the free. Please do not force this on children.
Let them build a natural immunity. If anything,Test for immunity first! Don't follow a government narrative, follow a healthy lifestyle! Bring Fitness and Nutrition to schools, not masking of faces and masking of symptoms. Ditch Pharma protocol and dig a ditch to grow nature's medicine!
I am absolutely against and do not support vaccinating young children between the ages of five and 12. The statistics don’t show don’t show that it’s a danger or death causing for these children. We are not aware I don’t know What the effects of the vaccine will have on the children. It’s an abuse.
Since there is worldwide scientific evidence for awhile now that children are at very little risk for contracting covid, let alone perishing from it, it would be highly unnecessary and unethical to be imposing vaccines upon them. Please, find it in your hearts not to mandate these for children. Thank-you. 
I’m asking that you truly look at the science!! Our children do not need the Covid vaccine!! Look at the cdc’s own website on how covid is effecting our children!! We also do not have any long term data on how it might effect them!! Why the rush??
No way ever. The vaccines don’t protect you from getting Covid but they can harm you. Absolutely not!
I am against Covid vaccines for children!! We should give their immune system a chance to develop on its own! 
Forced vaccinations are an abomination and a violation of human rights.
I believe that parents with children should not be forced to vaccinate their children for Covid 19. Especially if they have had the virus and have natural immunity and antibodies. Natural immunity should mean something and it should be a parents right to decide if they want their child vaccinated.
I do not share parenting with the government. They should have no say with what goes into my child’s body. I stand with medical freedom. 
Vote no to children ages 5-11 to receive the Covid vaccine. They have a > 99.9% chance of recovering fully from Covid illness. They have a much higher incidence of serious side effects from the vaccine. We need to protect our kids from the harmful effects of the vaccine. You have no good reason to give them the vaccine.
No. Children are not at risk for Covid. Stop this nonsense. Please listen to sound reason rather then pharmaceutical backed phony research. 
There is no need for children to be vaccinated. The studies do not show a high risk of infection among this age group. The studies of this vaccine have not been long enough to even make such a decision. Young teens already vaccinated are showing medical symptoms of myocarditis and blood clotting. Why would you want to risk another group of children to these same outcomes? 
I will not subject my children to be experimented on. They do not need a vaccine for a disease that has a high survival rate and that does not affect children. This vaccine is too new. Until it is fully tested and has years of research behind it, I will not allow it to be injected into my children.
I am 100% AGAINST vaccine mandates for ANY age or ever. 
Please do not approve the dangerous vaccine for children 
Please do not push or mandate the Covid vaccine for young children. They are not at risk for this virus and therefore not in need of this intervention. Their is not enough long term data to prove that it is safe for children. Please strongly consider my plea. Thank you
Please, do not approve COVID 19 vaccines for children ages 5-11. These are expiremental vaccines that have shown serious side effects on young adults and older adults. Children have robust immune systems and do not need to be vaccinated for Covid. These mandates are undermining parents rights to make health related choices for their kids. Stop the madness!
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
It is ridiculous to give these children the vaccine. Stop hurting the public. They do not need it more people are hurt by the vaccine then those killed by covid. Stop lying to the people. 
This is absolutely ridiculous that you want to put an experimental drug into healthy kids, that don't need a vax, this is against the law your breaking just about every rule from the Neuberger code and we won't stand for it! 
Do not give authorization for children to receive this shot!
Please consider the risk of COVID vs the risk of vaccines in perfectly healthy innocent children. Where there is risk there must be choice. 
This must stop now! The science does not support it.
Please do not subject our children to any Covid-19 vaccine mandates. Please protect our children from this unproven vaccine test.
It seems extremely rash to approve a vaccine for young children without many years of research when children are at negligible risk from Covid and the experience of other countries shows that the vaccine could be very dangerous when administered to young children.
There should be no mandates. Provide information and let the parents decide 
What side effects are happening with 12-17 ages- It should be parents choice 
This vaccine has no long term study. Also the affects it has had on adults have been catastrophic that I would hate for any child to go through any of this. Our children are not lab rats. They deserve better. Do the right thing.
My husband’s friend sent his son from Arizona to PA to college this year. At school there was a lot of pressure for this teenager to take the jab, and he did, thinking it was what he was supposed to do. The next morning when he woke uo, he could not move. Guillain-Barre syndrome as a result of the shot was the diagnosis. Please don’t force risks lije this outcome on our children!!
Covid 19 injections state right on the box that they do not prevent transmission but MIGHT only lessen symptoms which are minor in most cases. And they do not list ingredients. Why is that? Let adults choose, but please do not put these experimental drugs into our children!
I support the vaccine for children 5-12 years of age
There is no reason for 5-11 year old children to be given the COVID vaccine! They are the group least likely to die or have any repercussions from getting COVID. Why put an experimental drug into small bodies that you have no idea what the outcome will be? These children don’t deserve to be guinea pigs and have their lives ruined forever. 
We don’t have enough studies on the long term effects of this vaccine. Please don’t force this on our children. Don’t let them be your experiment. 
The covid vaccine is experimental and the adverse reactions are being censored so no one can give an informed consent, you already know all of this. It is our body, our choice. No CHILDREN or HUMANS should be mandated to take this vaccine. This is illegal and the roll-out for this covid vaccine needs to be stopped.
The “vaccines” are not even a year old and there’s been no long term studies completed. Anecdotal conclusions at best. Why are we rushing to do this?
Our children do not need the vaccine. Please make this decision based on the statistics of mortality and severe cases among children. 
For the Love of God leave our children alone ! Do not mandate this vaccine to our children whom will be able to fight this so called virus you say ? My family has all gotten covid and the children too and they have healed by there own immunity as any other flu or cold they have gotten ! STOP this foolishness
You should not be forcing this vaccine on anyone, most of all you should not force it on our children! I will pull my children out of public schooling before I let anyone inject this vaccine into my children. They are perfectly healthy and capable of fighting Covid-19 on their own and building a natural immunity to the virus. 
Parents should be given the option to vaccinate their child from the COVID vaccine. The state should not mandate such a vaccine. 
Our healthy children are not in danger of dying from covid. The risk of them developing long term issues from an experimental vaccine is so much higher than the chance of them dying from covid. Please do not do this to our children they do not deserve this
I think the mandating of children is unethical. There are non-vaccine injuries and even death for children. I think it should be entirely up to the parents
Democrats don’t know the difference between done, and overdone, and want to take parenting away from parents. Stop being a despot, and using a virus to spread your tyranny
Many reasons 1 No reliable tests 2 Lack of proof showing efficacy of the vaccine 3 Huge risks for the vulnerable children of developing myocarditis 4 And the many many other risks !!!!!!
Please do not require children to be vaccinated. Let this be a personal decision parents make for their children, in the best interests of their children. America is a FREE country...let’s keep it that way!
This is a money grab. Keep your hands off of our children. WE and God know what is best, NOT the government and definitely not the FDA. This vaccine is not safe let alone any of them. 
I do NOT see why we need to be forced to give our own children something foreign in their bodies. The United States is supposed to be the land of the free right? So we should have a choice! 
Please DO NOT mandate the Covid-19 vaccine for our children. I am against this mandate (and any drug mandates) as this populations risk of AE’s related to the vaccines FAR OUTWEIGHS its benefits. Many adults I know have had complications from the vaccines and it is NOT HUMANE to force our children into this risk. 
No to vaccine to me, my children and my grandchildren. There are way to many unknowns. This should be our choice for our bodies 
Children are at very low risk of dying from COVID-19, they do not need to be given a vaccine with no more efficacy than the current vaccine. They will still be able to contract the virus and spread the virus. The vaccine has not be release long enough to know the safety of it in children. 
We are against mandatory Covid vaccination Particularly for children!
The injection of children with this "vaccine" is both illogical and immoral. Children of this age have almost no risk from covid-19, and thus will incure any risk from the injection with little or no benifite to themselves. Thus why allow it? Or, are we risking the health of these children to supposedly protect adults? If so, this is immoral and unethical. Do not approve it
I don’t believe it is in children’s best interest to receive this shot. 
Stop trying to hurt kids, you little Mengeles. No vaccines for children, or anybody! 
There is no reason to vaccinate children for Covid. Many already have natural immunity, and for almost all children, the effects of Covid are very mild. There have been no long term studies to prove safety or effectiveness for children! Please stop this unreasonable medical coercion!
Considering that no long-term safety data exists, and that clinical trials don't end until 2023, and also that children are at an almost ZERO risk of falling ill from covid, opening up the COVID-19 experimental "vaccines" for use in children is absolutely unconscionable! DON'T DO IT!!!
 I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.
Please oppose vaccines for children aged 5 years to 12! I will pull my children from public school. 
I am firmly against mandating vaccines for children. It is ridiculous to require the youngest members of society—and those without an autonomous voice—to join the front line of defense against a disease that is statistically neither dangerous nor deadly for their age group. 
This is unnecessary and pure evil. Leave the children alone. There is less than a 1 percent chance of this affecting them and we have no idea the side effects of this crazy vaccine. Please stop the mandate! This is ridiculous. 
I oppose the mandate vaccine for children 5-12 yr olds.
I demand that these shots NOT be approved for children ages 5 - 11 years old. These kids have no need for these shots!
Any prospective vaccine for children must go through the rigorous testing that a standard non pandemic vaccine would be held to. It is extremely irresponsible to force a trail drug on children for the benefit of those individuals who are actually at risk of serious Covid infection. It will be an irrevocable irreversible mistake to subject healthy children to a non standard trial tested drug. 
I strongly disagree with allowing blanket use of this product across the proposed age group. I have seen no data, evidence, or real world situation to suggest the benefit outweighs the risk for the majority of children. There should be no approval of this product that in any way allows for a covid vaccine mandate to be placed on children. 
The facts are the younger population is not at risk. Passing this will only sow more distrust in government agencies particularly the FDA. The facts are the younger population is not at risk. Please help protect our children. DO NOT APPROVE THIS.
The FDA should not give emergency permission for the COVID vaccine for children. The regular protocols should be followed to ensure safety.
Our children are NOT guinea pigs.Why would you want to approve a vaccine that has not been tested and has proved to kill more people than any virus. This is MURDER, and you will be held accountable by God, For taking lives of innocent children. This needs to stop.
I am strongly opposed to using experimental vaccines like covid 19 vaccines on children. Please do not allow this to go forward. 
Do not approve the covid-19 "vaccine" for children ages 5 - 11.
Please do not approve this for use in our children, there is no justification for it and the unknown risks do not out weigh the potential benefits for an evolving respiratory infection that is almost 100 percent survivable in children. Thank you 
Stop force children to get a vax that has no long term research! This is against the numberg code! This is our body’s not yours to choice what we should or should not do! GOD gave us free will!
I do not think Covid inoculations should be mandatory for anyone. But especially not 5-12 year olds. We have not had enough time to see what the long term effects are 
Children ages 5-12 are not at a high risk to warrant being vaccinated against COVID-19. We do not want to vaccinate our kids against something that the vaccine doesn’t protect infection against. The survival rate is so high for this age group. This doesn’t seem to be about the health and safety of children. What are the long term studies? How will this effect my child 5-10 years down the road?
I do not agree and will not participate in any vaccines for my children especially as there is less then 2% deaths in BC overall. My kids are not going to be part of this experiment. If I have to homeschool, I’ll be doing that with no hesitation. 
Stop the depopulation agenda . Please, for all that is holy, separate yourself from party, msm funded propaganda. Please dear God our holy lord and savior, open your eyes, ears, and heart to learning more and protecting our precious children. 
Absolutely not. The statistics show children are not negatively effected and do not spread Covid. Additionally, asymptotic spread does not exist. There is no medical, health, or social reason to approve this injection. Also, we are not aware of the long-term effects from the inoculation. It would be a detriment to our society to give this shot to our children.
No no no no no no no no no no no. Forcing children to be vaccinated when we are still not receiving open communication about Covid-19 goes against everything this nation was founded on. Disgusting.
No one should be forced to put anything into their body that they don't want.My body....My choice.Children are given no voice at all.Why are you so hell bent on forcing people (of any age) to comply with experimental RNA therapy? What are you trying to inject into our little children...and us. With little information on consequences.There is something wrong with this thinking.It is not logical.
It is unconscionable to give children this covid 19 vaccine when they are rarely affected by it. Being 99.99% safe from this virus gives absolutely no reason for administration…are you crazy or what?
PEOPLE ARE DYING FROM THIS VACCINE, WE ARE BEING CENSORED, THIS IS A VIOLATION OF OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS AND WHAT OUR FAMILY HAS FOUGHT FOR (FREEDOM). 
Please allow parents to decide what is right for their children.
I am disappointed at the direction of the FDA is taking- we all know that Covid 19 is not dangerous to young people and children! Forcing them to wear masks is mentally damaging and does not stop Covid 19! Next this Sad excuse for a government will be forcing Toxins ( useless and unproven) into people - You Will Not Mandate this for me or my children!!! You are over stepping!!!
You need to stop trying to control American ppl with all your socialism and communist ways...we are a republic not a democracy. Away with the vaccine mandates, and all the other mandates! The South will rise again!
I am absolutely against the approval of this novel gene therapy on our children. Children are statistically not at risk from COVID and the risks for life long injuries or death is too high. We have no idea what the long term side effects will be. The risk-benefit analysis does not stand up to scrutiny. Please do not sacrifice our kids for the medical theatre we all know this is.
The risks outweigh the benefits regarding covid vaccines and children. Myocarditis and other unknown issues from vaccines are to high a risk given that covid transmission among children to elderly is not pronounced. Nearly 100% of all children recover from covid! We do not need nor want covid vaccines for the youth of America.
No vaccines for children! It is not a true vaccine. Other vaccines are for diseases that affect children. Covid-19 does not overly affect children to the point that an emergency use vaccine is warranted.
I would be ok with this if every politician and regulatory agency's employees vaccinated their children live on tv first. It is obvious these shots are made to kill us, if not immediately then in the near future.
As seeing this goes against our religious beliefs and that we disagree with the safety of this new vaccine and the affects it may have on our children. We are willing as a family to pull all 3 of our kids out of school if the covid-19 vaccine is mandated. Please consider this as many parents are as well. 
Madness to kids this young; their natural immunity to serious complications makes this completely unnecessary !!! 
This is horrible. This should not be forced upon children!! 
Don't allow covid shots for children 5-12 No one knows the long term effects
No vaccines for children especially.No vaccines for anyone. Too many deaths and adverse events!
I object to the administration of any Covid 19 vaccines in children and adolescents, since we are not aware of any long term effects on their bodies, organs or reproduction. It is too risky for this age group, who has not had long term effects from the virus itself
Please do not mandate vaccines for younger children. 
Please do not encourage COVID vaccines for young ones. They are healthy young kids who have their whole lives ahead of them. Kids don’t normally get that sick and it’s best to have their immune system learn to fight this naturally. The vaccine is so unknown right now. I urge you. 
Do not mandate this for children! So ridiculous! Not effecting children as it is adults this is insane
My friends and family will not stand for vaccines for children. As you are planning to vaccinate them, they are planning to pull them from school. There is not enough data for this action. Children are not dying from covid! But get are dying from the vaccine and it will have unknown life long side effects. Stop this now!
The 5-11 age group is a zero risk of death from covid-19. Allowing EUA for covid-19 vaccination for this age group is unthinkable. We cannot allow children to be harmed by a EUA product. The risks do not out way the benefits.
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines.
Children are not at risk. Please do not approve a vaccine that has greater risk for this age group than the virus itself.
Vaccinating children with Covid 19 jab Needs to be stopped. This is tyranny and abuse.
do not mandate vaccines for children. They are a new technology with no long tern safety data
Vaccinating children with the experimental covid vaccine is pure insanity! Science does not support the vaccine helps. It does however support the vaccine is more dangerous than the virus itself. Also you are violating EVERYONES right as a US citizen. If you want a socialist country move to one. 
Please do not let children get the experimental Covid 19 vaccine. It is not safe.
Covid vaccines are not necessary for children when the recovery and survival rate is 99.9% 
So not authorize this Covid vaccine for our children. A Covid fatality rate of 0.0007% is not grounds for a new Injection without long term studies to be authorized as safe. 
Do not mandate jabs to children. There is insufficient action on why/how healthy persons die after getting the jam. That is needed and no concern. The children have great immune systems. Don’t mess it up with the jab now. The jab is not a preventive to COVID. Far left had alternative objective that needs to be aired in the open more now
Covid does not affect children. Children have a 99.9% survival rate. Do not put this vaccine into children, the long term effects are unknown!!!
Transmission of COVID-19 among children in schools and daycares is very rare. This is NOT a FDA approved vaccine they are looking to give children, the FDA would potentially be expanding the Emergency Use Authorization to include children as young as five. In other words, any mandate for children is of an experimental drug.
My children will not be forced to be injected with an experimental drug for a virus with a 99% survival rate. 
Children nor Adults should be forced to get any vaccine. Children’s parents have the right to make their own decisions for their kids. We are not a Communist Country.
I am against any Covid vaccination for children. This demographic are not super spreaders, they are not mortally impacted by SARS COV2, and do not pose a threat to society. We must protect the most venerable among us; including protecting the children from an experimental biologic with known serious side effects and no long term studies. 
Please do not approve this until long term studies have been done in young children. 
Stop with the vaccine mandates. Base your recommendations on actual data and not on fear so you can regain the trust of the American people. The kids don’t need the vaccine. Teens don’t need the vaccine. Stop trying to push your agenda on us and don’t interfere with how each American family makes their own decisions. It needs to stop now. 
It is insane to push Covid vaccinations on kids. Look at the statistics. Covid is not a threat to kids. You are only considering this because you are beholden to Big Pharma. 
According to Dr Marty Makary of Johns Hopkins, between 10 and 20 otherwise healthy children have died from COVID-19 in this country. Over my dead body will I give my young children a drug based on a new technology with no safety record based on those odds. 
I do not agree with mandating an experimental vaccine on children. 
There is simply not enough sufficient safety or efficacy data that shows mass vaccination of children 5-11 from COVID-19 is prudent. Stop targeting our children with this experimental drug.
Please do not mandate the Covid vaccine for children. It is completely unnecessary and will do more harm than good. Children have an immune system equipped to deal with Covid and do not need a vaccine. Children are precious and depend on us to protect them. Mandatory Covid vaccination for children is dangerous and should never be implemented.
In general, relatively few cases and deaths are seen among children. The Covid-19 vaccine is still considered experimental. Do not put our kids at risk by pushing this vaccine on them. 
This is just so wrong. How can you make children get experimental drugs shot into their little bodies. Please stop this madness!
I ask advisory committee to deny Covid 19 vaccine for children. According to Frontline doctors and other doctors and scientists children do not need this vaccine. Please deny it save our children 
Please be mindful that there are other Doctors against vaccinated children that have natural immunity.
The FDA has a responsibility to protect people not infect people. I demand you deny Pharma co application to expand vaccine to children it is a genocide and is introducing graphine oxide into kids STOP
Please help keep medical freedom alive in the country. Do not force us to give something to our children, where there is risk there must be CHOICE.
There is not enough long-term information to support giving 5 to 11-year-olds an experimental gene therapy for a disease which such a high recovery rate. Besides the fact that the Gene therapy does not stop the transmission of this disease. Vaccinated people are still getting and dying from Covid. 
Do not require any covid vaccines for children. There is no scientific evidence that suggests kids need the vaccine. This is superfluous and way overreaching. We will not stand by and watch this happen. We will not bow down to your golden calf of compliance. We resist.
There should be absolutely no mandate or consideration of a vaccine mandate for children aged 5-11 when they are not an ‘at risk’ group for serious illness. This behaviour by big pharma companies and their deep pockets should not be allowed to continue. I stand against using a vaccination that is not yet proven safe over the long term in our next generation. 
I stand with freedom fighting families in OPPOSITION of a mandated COVID-19 vaccine. It is unamerican and many among WE THE PEOPLE do not want a forced injection for ourselves or our children. This should be freedom of CHOICE, without repercussion!
NO mandates. Children are at such a low risk for serious issues around having COVID. The covid shot is too new and should never be mandated.
I am very much against this mandate. Too many children are being injured or killed but these vaccines. Our children have almost ZERO chance of dying of Covid. This vaccine will be more harmful than helpful for children. We have no long term studies to truly understand the implications of this vaccine. 
I do not consent to a mandated vaccine for my child. I will not voluntarily have them be a part of an experimental trial. Science shows their age group is not at risk. Data does not support pediatric vaccine as there have not been lengthy tests done to show long term effects in children. 
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. They have a 0.0007% fatality rate against all kids in America under 18!!! The Flu is more deadly! Please!!! 
This treatment has existed or less than one year and medical professionals think it is okay to give this to all children? Without any ability to clean liability, no parent should give this to their child.
I am against mandating COVID-19 vaccines for children ages 5-18. There has not been long term studies done about the effects of the vaccine on children. Children recover quickly from COVID-19. Please allow the natural immune system of the body to do its work. 
There's no medical and scientific reason for kids vaccination. Absolute risk reduction is too low or even negative for vaccine. It will bring more harm than benefit.
This is wrong, and we all know it is wrong. Treatments work and the vaccine is still an experiment.
ABSOLUTELY NO TO MANDATING THE VACCINE FOR ANY CHILDREN!!!!! No no no. It is too soon and they are not high risk. It would be a crime against humanity. You must wait for long term studies. They are children and have the rest of their lives ahead of them. 
I am firmly against the vaccine especially when it comes to the children. None of this should be mandated, it should be our choice and our choice only!
Do NOT vote to mandate Vaccines. I am assuming you will only care about how this decision effects you and your financiers. All I can say is look up Nuremberg Trials. People caught in corruption back then suffered legal consequences. Even more serious than this will be Gods judgment someday. Remember aetheists are only people who hope God doesn’t exist. 
mRNA shots are gene therapy and can cause infertility and a host of more problems. Why use our children as lab rats or a shot that has never worked and can cause death more than thousands now unreported by media the cabal news.
RE: VRBPACPlease do not make children 5 years old to 12 years old have to take a vaccine that is not needed for children whom Studies have shown are not affected bye covid. Any complications with a vaccine far outweigh the number that might be affected from something they will 99% recover from. Thank you
NO to COVID vaccines for KIDS! Children are precious and should not be subjected to a vaccine with no long term data available. Please do not approve this for emergency use for our children! They are not at serious risk for COVID. 
No way would I allow genetically modified antibody putting my child’s body
We call on you the FDA to OPPOSE THIS DRUG FOR CHILDREN!!! The benefits DO NOT outweight the risks. Please please do not approve this for our children 
There have not been enough clinical trials to aprrove this vaccine. Over 99% survival rate. Vaccine injuries not being reported. Do not approve! 
Parents should have the final say in all children's health decisions. They have very, very low chances of death from Covid. There has not been nearly enough information on long term effects of this vaccine. Let the parents decide what is best for their children! 
This is not okay. EUA products should not be allowed or mandated for minors. Their bodies are still developing and injecting gene-altering vaccines into their bodies is setting them up for delayed growth or a whole host of illnesses that would not normally happen without the vaccines being injected. Please stop this madness. 
This mandate is absolutely outrageous! This vaccine has proved over and over to be harmful to adults and absolutely useless for children who have had zero side effects from COVID-19. 100% against this mandate for vaccine and all mandates for vaccines!!
Please do not mandate the Covid vaccine for children. Their risk is so small that there is no need to mandate. 
Children can be too young to properly express what they are feeling within their body which is why I urge you to not approve this vaccine for use in children. There is also not enough time and data that has passed to show the life long effects that children could face! 
I think it is foolish to give the COVID vaccine to children when there is no long term data on the side effects or efficacy of the vaccine. In addition, 99% of persons 24 years old and under survive COVID. This is just a new virus. There will continue to be new viruses and you can't continue to create a vaccine from every single one.
This age group has very small risk of severe side effects and we don’t know the long term effects 
I am a firm believer that no one should have to get this vaccine. Due not only to mone and my families religious beliefs. Also it is against our civil rights as American citizens. My son will not be getting this vaccine.
Why is vaccination- MANDATED vaccination- for children even being considered when the mortality rate for under 18 years old is statistically zero. We have TOO much information now showing that this is completely unnecessary and even dangerous. 
It is proven that children do not spread to adults. In addition there immune systems are strong and do not need a vaccine to fight against a virus that there natural immunity can handle! Besides the fact that there are a numerous amount of side effects in you children 12-18 having side effects including pericarditis which is irreversible once given this vaccine. It’s not necessary! 
I am writing to disagree with the mandate of vaccination for covid 19 for children ages 5-11. We do not know the long term effects or health problems that come along with this vaccine yet. These are small children that have the rest of their lives to live and giving them an experimental drug that we don't have enough information on yet is not safe for them. 
Please, I implore you to not mandate the Covid 19 vaccination for children under 12. It’s far too risky to subject our children to a vaccination that hasn’t been fully approved by the FDA, but is rather still under emergency use. The complications to their health could last a lifetime. 
I am vehemently against forced experimental vaccination. It is a violation of our human rights at the most basic level and cannot be condemned enough. 
Before you mandate vaccinations for children, please compare the data for the following: 1) occurrence per capita of hospitalizations and deaths 2) rates of myocarditis in young people due to vaccine. Our children are NOT at risk from covid.
I am 200% against covid vaccinations for children at all! No mandates! We will never stop fighting! And we are growing!
Children have minimal risk to spread or be harmed by cv-19, this vaccination is still being evaluated. There is no emergency for an EUA of an experimental vaccine on children, especially given known therapies. This “vaccine” has already injured or killed more people than any other vaccine in history combined! 
The COVID vaccine should be a choice and not mandated for children 5-12. It hasn’t been studied long enough to see the long term effects.
This injection has caused a lot of health problems. Please, lets not make this mandatory but optional. Let individuals decide what is best for them, and let parents and children decide what decisions are best for their personal health. Thank You. 
We do not need to vaccinate small children when we do not know the long-term effects of this drug.
I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making thempotentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults. I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit.
For those of us who consider the vaccine to be harmful, we would appreciate the option for there nit being a mandate.
If one child dies from the poison claimed to be a vaccine, you may be executed.
This should not be allowed. No one should be forced to take the vaccine against their will. Giving up freedom of choice is giving in to gov't and they already have too much power. A mandate is not a law and each person should get to decide for themselves if it's the thing to do.
There is absolutely no need for children to be vaccinated against a virus that is of no threat to them! There is also no way of knowing the long term effect on children cause is it still in trials! I don’t know how you people sleep at night! 
Docket (FDA-2021-N-1088) I completely disagree with approving the Covid 19 vaccine for children. When the vaccines have been proven to have numerous adverse reactions with varying levels of severity, up to and including death, it makes no sense to approve it for our nations children!!! Especially children that are too young to have any choice in the matter. 
Please do not require this vaccine to children 5-11 years. Children are low risk for COVID19 and the vaccine is high risk for them. You are taking this matter too far. Please stop it. 
Please do not approve giving children this unapproved medicine. They don't need it, and it could prove harmful to their health.
 We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
I think mandating vaccines for children is a terrible idea until their has been extensive testing done first. We should not be experimenting on our children. 
Mandating Vaccines for children 5 to 11 years old is NOT OK… it is a violation of our civil liberties as parents to have the choice for our own children. 
There has never, ever in the history of vaccines that has caused more deaths and injuries than the Covid vaccines. It is unconscionable that our government would consider giving them to children, especially since their morbidity rate from Covid is minuscule.
My kids will not be getting this vaccine. There is not enough long term data. The government has bungled this from the Start.
Do not allow this vaccine to be approved for children. There are too many known as well as unknown risk factors. Our children are too important to be given a shot that has potential risk for a virus that has been proven to not be harmful for them. 
What is happening right now is unconstitutional in so many ways. Our children have almost a zero chance of dying from covid but yet you are trying to mandate an experimental shot upon them. This needs to stop now. You have no long term effects studies, if one child has an adverse effect that is one too many. Stop this experiment now. You are violating the Nuremberg code by what you are doing.
Children do not need this vaccine. Look at the data from the CDC website! 
Children are over one hundred times more likely to die from covid shots or vaccines than they are from the virus itself. Stop sacrificing children for money
This vaccine is still in experimental stage! Do not expose out little ones to it, particularly since they don't react very seriously to the virus.
Your organization exists solely to protect the American citizens. You are failing to act - people are sick and dying. It is coming out that these products are part of a bio weapon. Please act to shut this down before your organization is also named in court cases - crimes against humanity. Please get on the right side of this debate May God Bless all of your souls to do the right thing
please don't hurt our children with these EXPERIMENTAL shots !! Kids are dying, and why ??? for a virus that has a 99% survival rate ??? 
No to Covid vaccines for children especially mandating them. The numbers when it pertains to children and having any serious complications from Covid is virtually 0. They are not part of this disease spreading or clogging up any hospitals and thus should be left out of the vaccine program all together.
There is no evidence to indicate a need to vaccinate this population. As the overwhelming majority of adults recovery from COVID more so a younger healthier population. As the need is not there, there is absolutely no reason to administer a "vaccine" which has not be through the full normal protocol for testing. It is an unnecessary and risky course of action.
To whom it may concern, I would like to comment on relation to Vaccination on Children, in this case 5-12 year old, They should not be obligated or mandate vaccine on them, they have a strong immune system and can pass well the virus, this shouldBe a decision made by the individual parents , it should be a choice not mandated! Parents should have the freedom to choose for their children!Thank you!
This is absolutely disgusting, there vaccines are NOT SAFE, let alone for children. Vaccinating children to protect adults is an abhorration
There are no long term tests. They are our future. This age group is not filling up the hospital. The vaccine does not prevent transmission so what’s the point. 
Children should not be forced to be vaccinated. The risks associated with the vaccine are far worse for children than the virus itself. Millions of children also have NATURAL immunity that is far more effective than a vaccine. I am STRONGLY against vaccines for children. 
Dear FDA isn’t enough damage that you have caused already by approving this poison for adults & now you want to give it to children?? The nuremberg code is against all coercion & experimental drugs which this is. Whenwill you have the decency to protect human life vs being inthe pockets of Big Pharma. 
STOP.THIS.MADNESS. Our kids and grandkids do NOT need these vaccines....these dangerous, EXPERIMENTAL vaccines!! 
This vaccine should not be approved for pediatric patients. Kids typically are not getting severe cases of COVID 19 and they have a great potential for recovery. Additionally, mRNA vaccines are coding the body to respond. Does this not put kids at a great potential for the development of cancers etc. please do not approve this vaccine for children.
Do not force this on our children. That’s a decision to be made between a parent and the child’s doctor. 
I object to the request to amend Pfizer-BioNTech's EUA for administration of their COVID-19 mRNA vaccine to children 5 through 11 years of age. I do not believe there has been enough time to properly evaluate the safety and not enough research about the possible damaging effects of these vaccines on children. Therefore I am apposed to this request at this time. 
Do not consider testing the experimental, dangerous gene therapy injection on children. 
Due to the high volume of adverse side effects, physical/neurological injury, and reported deaths in connection with ALL of the three COVID19 injection protocols, I strongly oppose approving ANY current COVID19 injection for ANY human use, ESPECIALLY for children from birth to age eleven. I fervently exhort the FDA to deny approval of these injection protocols for both children AND adults.
Please do not require the Covid vaccines for our children. Please stop this madness. We all know this is not necessary.
Please do not approve COVID shots for healthy children. Compare their risk of dying from covid to any other "cause of death" in children and see how it compares! The FDA, CDC, White house, media, and anyone pushing these non-vaccines filled with undisclosed toxins already have the blood of thousands (if not millions) on their hands. Please protect our children! 
You should not be requiring anyone, especially kids, to get an experimental gene modifying shot. 
I will not vaccinate my kids. You know this is pure evil. I pray you will do the right thing and not mandate these vaccines. I already have one vaccine injured child and I will not risk killing my kid with this stupid “vaccine” that is about control and not health. Shame on you for going along with this!
No vaccines for children. No mandatory vaccines for anyone 
I oppose the approval of the COVID-19 injection for children. The risks that this unproven injection poses for children are greater than the virus infection itself.
Along with other concerned parents, we call upon the government to oppose the approval of EUA of Covid vaccine for the kids. Please spare our children.
My kids will not comply! Kids do not need the vaccine when they are the lowest risk.
PLEASE, there is a huge body of evidence that covid vaccinations are not needed for children and DO THEM HARM. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, end this drive. The risk to benefit analyses clearly show that this vaccination to children is ill-informed.
There is no need to have this vaccine mandated for anyone, especially not our children! We do not know enough about how this vaccine can affect them as adults or their reproductive health. It should be a choice made by the parents and child personally. It is a gross overreach by the government to force us to vaccinate our children. 
No to the Covid vaccines for children. Keep it away from them. This is so wrong . It’s a virus with a 99% survival rate. 
Mandatory vaccines on children with absolutely no long term study is absurd. As a medical professional who had worked through this entire pandemic I have seen how little it effects children and should not be mandatory. 
Parents have the right to decide, along with their doctor, what is best for their child. There has not been enough time to study the effects of this vaccine on children. All data shows how low risk children are if they get covid. It is reckless to use children as trial experiments on such a new vaccine. They are not a line of defense. 
This vaccine has not been tested for long enough to determine what the effects are going to be on our children long term. This should not be approved. 
Please let the parents make the decision about whether they’re child gets the Covid-vaccine or not. This is the land of the free and we would like to have the freedom to choose. Let’s represent a country that respects the right to choose, especially for our future leaders of America. Thank you!
Absolutely no mandates for children to receive any Covid 19 shots 
We all know that children are not at risk for COVID-19 and that actually there are greater risks to their health from these experimental injections. Please stop this madness and do not authorize children 5-11 years old to become guinea pigs as there is no long term data to label these products safe, nor effective for that matter. 
There are simply not enough studies done to deem this vaccine safe for our kids. This vaccine has already proven to have negative side effects, especially for young adult males. As a mother of two boys, it should be my choice what goes in my children's bodies and I shouldn't have to sacrifice their education for what I believe to be right as a parent. It is my duty to protect them, not yours.
No one should trial experimental drugs on children or anyone. DO NOT DO THIS TO CHILDRENThis is an evil act.
Please don’t mandate a vaccine for our kids when we don’t know the long term side effects and Covid is less harmful to them than the flu.
I greatly OPPOSE this covid-19 shot for kids ages 5-11. Look at the CDC numbers. Acknowledge those numbers. Follow the science…..these kids DO NOT NEED this shot.
With no long term studies advocating for young adults and children to take an unapproved experimental therapeutic to be mandated is dangerously short sided. 
There is no reason to give children a vaccine that has caused so much serious injury to adults. Children have no risk from Covid, but great risk from an experimental vaccine that has not been safety tested sufficiently for little ones. Thank you for paying attention to my message.
I am opposed to mandating children get the COVID-19 vaccine. It is experimental and our children are precious and should not be experimented upon. Please look at your own data in the VAERS report. This vaccine should be cancelled. It has already maimed and killed too many.
I will never give my child a vaccine that does not have years and years and years (at least 19 years) of clinical data 
I’m against mandating the Covid vaccine for children. They don’t know the long term effects on children yet. 
Children had zero need for the vaccine. Where does this stop. There are to many issues with all the vaccine and that is MORE dangerous than Covid. Also I own home for dementia. They have all been vaccinated with Booster shots AND they all have Covid right now. What's the point!!!
Absolutely not. Far to many deaths from this jab! Children have a 99.99 % survival rate from Covid. Not to mentioned the horrible side effects! Not ok. 
Please do not approve the Covid ‘vaccine’ for children ages 5 to 11. It is very clear that they are at virtually zero risk of serious illness due to this virus, while daily there are reports of serious injury to teens and young people from these shots. Approval of this would be madness. 
We object and refuse to comply. “My body, my choice”Parents make decisions for their children, not the government with experimental vaccines or anything else!
We the people will rise up against this tyranny. Try us and see. Sick to death of communism in plain sight. There are a lot of us. I love games, let’s play! 
Please vote No No on the emergency use of the COVID-19 vaccines on children under 12. It has been proven that healthy children have no real risk of developing or spreading the condition. Plus It has not been proven that these injections now called vaccines are safe or effective.
Since the death rate for this COVID pandemic is less than 1% for the general population and virtually none for children. I do not agree with injecting children with these experimental vaccine, especially when the number of adverse reactions are hundreds of times higher than any other vaccine in history. This is an unjust imposition to our human and conduits rights! No vaccines for children!
First of all, it really isn't a Vaccine. It messes with peoples Messenger RNA. So why would you want to do that to our Children? Stop this big pile of BS!It's already shown to be failing to meet any predicted benefits. Stop the whole Vaccine Mandate hype!
You all know very well that it is immune systems are better than any "vaccine" you want to give them! This is against it constitutional rights and God forgive you people if you go through with this and kids die or have lifetime disabilities because of the poison being given to them!! Stop this insanity!!!! 
The FDA has no business approving something on children this young and vulnerable when this has not even been in the test phase for a year and the subjects in which they plan on injecting this experimental “vaccination” are over 99% likely to recover from this virus with little to no symptoms. 
Covid 19 vaccines should not be made mandatory for children. Children are mostly unaffected by Covid 19. Children I know have had it and was like nothing happened, like a regular seasonal allergy flare.vaccines are to be used to prevent serious side effects or fatality in children. 0.03% of children Covid cases has died. Rsv is likely higher. Recovery from Covid in children is greater than 99%. 
I’m regards to mandating an experimental substance for anyone especially children is unthinkable. I know what is behind all of this and so do many many others and we collectively say, “NO!” 
This is SOOO unnecessary! Please stop these vaccines!! You are killing us!!
Do NOT authorize this vaccine for children. 0.0007% fatality rate across all children ages 0-18 in America is NOT a reason to Authorize. 
Absolutely will not allow my child to receive a vaccine that hasn't been proven to work! Also why is a vaccine needed for something that has a 99.7% survival rate? This should never be happening let alone mandated. 
You all have lost your minds....exposing children to this is not necessary...especially this age group 5-11yr olds? May God have mercy on your souls
Why is there not a preventative vaccine? Corona virus is a flu, COVID 19 is a flu type. Why the coverups?
It is absurd to mandate an experimental gene therapy on children. It is obscene enough to risk the health and well-being of adults with dangerous and ineffective mRNA “vaccines” but to experiment on children reminds me of the Nazis. It’s disgraceful, in humane and reeks of genuine evil. 
I feel age group 5 to 12 is totally unnecessary ! The number getting infected is extremely low and this age group responds well to traditional well documented medications! The shot poses to many risks with hart issues, the shot is still experimental and not fully FDA tested stick with tried and true treatment around for decades!
Mandated covid vaccinations for anyone at this point is un-American; mandated covid vaccinations for our children is unconscionable and abhorrent. Let the people choose what's in their, and their children's, best health interests; don't force these mandated vaccinations on anyone.
There seems to be much information supporting the occurrence of extreme adverse effects of this relatively untested vaccine. I think it would be ill advised to approve and or mandate this injection for children. Thank you for your consideration.
Our family knows of too many people who have had adverse reactions to the vaccines and from all the research out there, the vaccines will do more harm that good to our young population. As we all know healthy youth will fair well will sars-cov-2 just by looking at death rates in that population group. Regards,Joe
Defiantly NO to this experimental vaccine, not tested properly, ingredients not disclosed, risks not properly disclosed and may effect children's future Fertility and health! They're NOT in the risk group for covid and this should not nor any vaccine be forced or pushed on any human being. Drop the harmful campaign! 
Do not give kids the vaccine. You are risking the lives of millions of children with no long term studies
Vaccines are not necessary for children who have strong immune systems. A blanket policy for all populations is counterproductive. 
I do not agree with children being forced into accepting a vaccine that is not 100% safe and effective.
I am absolutely against mandatory vaccination for COVID 19 including adults and children. There are too many risks and side effects including death. We the people should be given factual information and allowed to choose for ourselves and our children.
I don’t agree with the Covid-19 vaccine mandate for children 5-12 years old. Please do not mandate this. Children are resilient and this makes no sense. Parents should be able to make this decision not the government. Stop the experiment of humans. Natural immunity is best. 
Children do not need the unproven covid 19 vaccines. They have strong innate immune systems and they will accomplish strong herd immunity with those immune systems. Stop trying to experiment on our kids!!
I believe I should be the one to make decisions for my children.Not the government especially since I would be responsible for anything that went wrong from the vaccine.Most of us don't have great medical insurance and it would put us in a more financial stress if the insurance didn't cover something
I am very against the mandate for children to be vaccinated against covid-19. The risk of the vaccine far outweighs the risk of COVID for that age group under 18. 
There is not an emergency for children to warrant an emergency use authorization before adequate studies have been done. The risk to children is too low to risk known side effects from the vaccines. Please look to other countries that have halted vaccine use in younger populations and are not vaccinating youths to guide you. 
This is not the America I envisioned for my children, this is not the country I served. We must stop pushing this vaccine at once, let the people decide not those in power.
We are very concerned about heart problems in our youth and are not convinced the “benefit” being pushed by FDA and Pfizer are enough to outweigh the spotty data about myocarditis. Considering this, and that covid-19's 99.997% survival rate for children, it's not in our children's best interest to vaccinate them.
I am concerned giving this experimental gene therapy to a child without years of trials. Children have a 99% chance of being ok with Covid with their natural immunity. Children do not need this.
Follow the science, which other countries have done and have suspended the vaccine for children. The vaccine is harming more children than Covid-19 and those injuries are being suppressed and ridiculed. Where is the America I know? Please do not do this to our children. 
I do not believe in vaccine mandates for anyone, ESPECIALLY young children who are barely affected by the Covid-19 virus. Vaccine mandates are unconstitutional and morally wrong. It is outrageous for government to mandate anything as untested as this vaccine to ANYONE! We need years of trials before we can say it is safe for use. 
Please leave our children alone. Have you not read many expert opinions on the danger of these jabs on adults, now you want to hurt the children . Stop the insanity before it is too late. No vaccines and Definately no mandates!!
I can't understand why this is even being discussed! Vaccines in children as young as 5! As soon as you approve these shots in children, which seems completely unnecessary, public health will mandate and coerce them into taking it too. Do you really want that on your conscience knowing how many associated deaths and injuries there are with these injections?
We are against poisoning our children! freedom is coming!! 
Kids do NOT need COVID Vaccines, you yourselves know the minimal effect that covid has on children, no worse than and EVEN safer than the flu! We are taking a stand to say NO TO VACCINATIONS FOR CHILDREN!!
Please do not make an allowance for the COVID-19 vaccines in children. The risk of the new vaccines is greater than catching the disease. Allow doctors to determine vulnerability on a case by case basis, but please don't open it up to the general public.
It’s unnecessary since cases are low. There is no need for a vaccine mandate at that age whatsoever. These poor kids are growing and this is destroying their bodies.
You will not mandate the covid jab for anyone, especially children. There is NO efficacy studies but plenty of jab related illnesses and death. Should you continue with this, you WILL pay the price for genocide and crimes against humanity. 
Our children are not guinea pigs. This vaccine is pointless when this age group has a .0001% chance of death from Covid. The vaccine also has a high chance of causing a severe reaction. 
It is totally absurd to mandate vaccination for young children. This needs to be the decision of the parents.
The covid vaccines are too new and should not be given to children. Kids rarely get covid. The vaccines are causing heart issues in teens. Rushing approval is not good. 
Do NOT approve or Mandate these Gene Therapy Covid Jabs for Children. PERIOD!!
This is crazy. There are numerous problems with the vaccinations, and you are wanting to give them to children. Do not do it until it has been fully researched and we have facts about the safety to young children.
I demand monthly data results on the efficacy and failure of vaccines. As they continue to fail and boosters are required, clearly they are not living up to their intent. The side effect profile for children is worse than covid. Please allow for long term studies to be conducted and completed before you authorize their use.
Do not even think of mandating the COVID-19 "vaccine" for children. This experimental gene therapy, is just that, an experiment! Too many people have already been harmed or died; do not allow this for our future, our innocent children. This is evil and God will repay if you do not stop this insanity now!
I will absolutely pull my 4 children from the public schools if this covid “shot” is ever mandated for them. There is no science to support the need for such a “shot” in children nor does it prevent the child from getting the virus. 
I do not agree with vaccinating children for covid19. I am vaccinated and now have complications. Children should not be subjected to trial medications against their parents will.
It is wrong to approve a covid vaccine for children. So many have had side effects from this vaccine.it has not been used long enough for a real trial to end showing safety. That would not be until 2023 that it will have been long enough . Children are so vulnerable to side effects. PLEASE do not approve this !!
We do not want our grandchildren to be vaccinated. There needs to be more testing. I know personally adults who have side effects from vaccine, fluid around the heart, dizziness, passing out, blood clots. We have to protect our children and grandchildren. 
I am strongly opposed to mandating covid vaccinations for healthy children. Children are not an at risk group and the risks of the vaccine far outweigh the benefits. I also do not understand why natural immunity is not recognized for children and adults. It is for every other disease and Covid should be included. Parents should decide whether or or to vaccinate their children!
This is disgusting. Don't you dare experiment on children. Minimum 5 years of vaccine in use for adults before even considering using it for children. Adults are having adverse reactions to this " vaccine" and children are hardly at risk. This is reprehensible. Children should never be experimented on or used as guinea pigs. Shame. 
This is insane, side effects and death. You take no accountability! Blood will be on your hands if you do this. You are supposed to protect us and our children! We are not your lab rats! I want you and all your children to go first and your grandkids! No money or kickback is worth people's lives! You will be held accountable;
No covid-19 vaccine mandate for children going to school! 
I am a retired registered nurse. There are no adequate long-term safety studies of mRNA Covid vaccines. Healthy adolescents aged 12-17 have experienced blood clots, myocarditis, neurological symptoms, and extreme fatigue. Transmission of Covid-19 among children in schools and daycare is rare. I am against Covid vaccination in children 5-11 years of age.
I pray that you will hear this message, there is NO medical reason whatsoever to inject children with an experimental process that we already know is causing more deaths/injuries than is helping to prevent. You will forever have their blood on your hands and you will be judged for all eternity.
Do not experiment on the nation’s children. The numbers are far too low to justify that. 
Our children haven’t been affected by COVID in the last 19 months, they do not need the vaccine. This is wrong. 
The mortality rate for Covid in kids between the ages of 2-18 years of age is lower than the annual flu. The next lowest mortality rate of a needed vaccination to enter schools is at 20% so let’s think long and hard about this. Remove the liability protection. Allow Novavax into the USA and give it about 10 years of testing. 
Children DO NOT need to be mandated more vaccinations!!
I am 100% AGAINST approving the vaccine for children. The benefits do not outweigh the risks. It is not an emergency situation for children therefore it should not be approved for EUA. There are not enough studies to show safety and long term data. Our kids deserve better. 
We have seen cardiac issues in young men that have been vaccinated. How do we know the same thing won’t happen in children? Approving this vaccine for children will most certainly lead to mandates at schools. This will leave many parents with hard decisions. Parents need to be able to make the choice that is best for the health of their child. 
It’s time pause not recklessly push these vaccinations on child. We still have much to learn. They are not working like we were told they would. Everyone still has to wear masks even with the vaccination. Many vaccinated are still getting sick and dying. We need informed Consent and the freedom to choose and make informed decisions. For the love of the children please say no!!!!
It is unconstitutional and unethical to mandate this vaccine for children when you don’t know the long term effects on them! I cannot believe this is even a consideration!!!
I would like to add my name to the list in regards to not being in agreement with authorizing the EUA being approved for children ! I believe this approval would be a violation of numerous laws and the Nuremburg code as well as a crime against humanity and anyone agreeing with this should be prosecuted to the full extent of American and international law ! 
My family and I do not support vaccination on kids ages 5-11. 
Children cvoid vaccine should not be tested on our children. They do not need an untested vaccine mandate
Real statistical evidence has revealed that: 1. The risks from Covid vaccine injections is much greater than the benefits for children: 2. Vaccination does not reduce transmission rates. 3. Natural immunity is many times greater than vaccine-acquired immunity. Giving the vaccine to children is dangerous and irresponsible.
DO NOT give these”vaccines “ to our children. They are not high risk and they are not super spreaders! Children should not be experimented on!
Please notice that the overwhelming majority here are against mandating Covid vaccines for children. Do not treat the collecting of comments about this issue as a procedural nuisance. It is too dangerous to be ignored. We implore you to prioritize the safety of our children over of the profits of big pharma. If you don't, we will not comply. We will not be controlled.
Please do not approve these vaccines for children. The benefit does not outweigh the risks to chiodren.
Please do NOT mandate the COVID vaccine for kids. They are not dying of COVID. Please allow this to be the parent's choice
DO NOT approve this for the children!!! This has gone far enough.
If your Vaccines are so safe why dont you put your name forward to be held liable for any adverse effects or death? Please have a heart and stop what you are doing to us.
The government does not know a child’s individual health needs and should not supersede a parent’s choice to vaccinate or not! 
Children shouldn’t be part of a phase 3 trail for the Covid vaccine. As a Firefighter/Paramedic when we dose medicine for children we take in account their weight and height. Currently we don’t do that for vaccines. We just don’t know enough about mRNA technology. I realize it’s been around a while but if you really look at the history we have been unsuccessful with this technique.
No child or adult should EVER be forced to take a shot especially one that's still experimental in the US. The only one that is supposedly not experimental is unavailable in this country.
If these vaccines are really sage as claimed - then stop protecting the vaccine makers from potential lawsuits. Let them stand behind their product-if the vaccines are as safe as claimed.
We live in America.. the land of freedom and choice. No government should require children to get a shot. This has always been the parents’ choice and that is how it needs to remain. Do not mandate children to get this shot, or anyone else for that matter. 
Please do not give EUA for the Covid vaccines for young kids. More long term safety studies are needed first. Please vote NO!
Stop the vaccine mandate. The deaths and cases are going down for weeks. This is not about health, this is about money power and control. Tell Americans about Ivermectin HCQ and treatments and therapies that help people overcome covid. 
I oppose mandatory vaccinations for children. Vaccination for covid 19 are experimental and currently not effective as most vaxed people still carry the virus, spread the virus and get ill from the virus. 
Respectfully, I submit, that the FDA oppose the VRBPAC approval of Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine shot to children between the ages of 5 - 11. The need for them to receive the shot has not been proven. In addition, their risk of contracting the virus is less than one percent.
Children should not need yet another vaccine for a treatable and curable condition. They are the lowest risk.
Non- negotiable! EUA is designated in EMERGENCIES! Show me the science that 5-12 year olds are facing an emergency with C19! Prove that the shot is beneficial and poses no risk! NONE of these things can be proven. Not one!
PLEASE STOP THE MANDATORY VACCINE ON CHILDREN IMMEDIATELY!Let the long term studies be conducted. You are using them as human experiments!
Mandating experimental injections onto children is CRIMINAL and We The People will hold ALL individuals who promote this crime accountable. 
No gene modification vaccines for kids. Matthew 18:6 [6] but whoever causes one of these little ones who believe in me to sin, it would be better for him to have a great millstone fastened around his neck and to be drowned in the depth of the sea.“
Please do not bow to political pressure to approve an experimental vaccine for our children ages 5 - 12. They are at less risk from Covid than they are from the effects of the covid vaccines. Why would you approve something for the sake of politics, that has serious side effects for an age group that doesn't even need it? Please take a stand for our children. Thank you,
The children are the least vulnerable demographic, please leave them alone with this experimental shot. We need more focus on the containers sitting off the coast....
Vaccines should not be forced on young kids. This isn't right. 
No mandates for children. It is a parents constitutional right to make those decisions for their child without government interference. Any mandates for minor children for medical procedures including vaccines is unconditional. Anyone who votes yes on this is committing treason and would face punishment as such. This comment is in regards to FDA-2021-N-1088-0001
Without any longterm safety data snd such a low risk for youth (currently only 513 kids 0-17 have died) it’s irrational abd upsetting to even consider mandating this vaccine for children. Please stop this madness and allow people to make their own informed choice.
In absolute defiance of truth and science coupled with the absence of conscience are you able to consider mandatory vaccinations at all let alone for children. How many pieces of silver have you been offered to betray your people and your duty to serve and protect
I oppose covid vaccinations for children. MRNA technology is too new and more and more studies are showing natural immunity to be stronger than the vaccines. Additionally, children are not at risk for dying or for having severe covid symptoms. There is no strong reason to vaccinate them.
Kids should be able to go to school without this "vaccine". It's really a flu shot and kids don't need those either. It should be up to parents.
Kids should not be given a vaccine for something they have virtually zero chance of dying from (Covid 19). Leave the kids alone! 
How can this be ok for children when you don’t know how their little bodies will react now, 5 years, 10 years? Please don’t do this to America’s children. 
It is unsafe and unjust to mandate children to get the Covid shot while it is not FDA approved and not enough time has been spent on clinical trials. There are too many adverse side effects like heart inflammation, irregular menstrual cycles, to name just a few. Too much at stake.
Our Childrens Voice matters.. IF THEY CHOOSE NOT TO LETS RESPECT THEIRE CHOICE.. WE TEACH THEM TO SPEAK UP FOR WHAT THEY BELIEVE.. THEY SHOULD NOT BE FORCED TO SUBMIT THEMSELVES BECAUSE "ITS SAFE" EVERYONE IN DOING IT... LETS NOT HARM OUR CHILDREN
Vaccinations should be voluntary. Where there’s a risk, there must be a choice. Kids mustn’t be forced to get vaccinated in order to attend school
If children who are not immune compromised have a 0.0003% morbidity rate, why would such a vaccine be mandatory? 
Do not give approval for this deadly mrn a vaccine to children! 
Please cease the Covid 19 vaccination approval for children under 18. This vaccine is clearly still an experiment and should not be released on the general population. To do so constitutes child abuse!
Communism. Let parents decide what's best for their kids...this decision is no one's business but the parents.
Children’s survival rate of covid is even higher than adults and this vaccine does not seem necessary. Their bodies are growing, changing and are not the same as adult bodies. This vaccine has not been out long enough to know any potential long term effects from it. Our children need to be protected. Do not approve this vaccine. 
More research before you approve this for our children! 
Please do not allow this to happen to our babies! They should not be experimented on. There is not enough research showing the long term results on adults let alone children. This is unfair to them! Let our babies live 
Find someone who knows Hebrew, get into the Facebook of Israeli health organizations, and find a post about side effects, you will see thousands of comments of people who took the vaccine. 
There is zero basis to make the covid vaccine mandatory or even recommended for the 5-11 age subset of children. As an individual with a child I absolutely do not see any benefit to making this vaccine recommended for this age group 
No to vaccine for children. These shots are hurting and killing people.
I do not agree with Covid vaccines for children. I feel there is not enough evidence to prove this will not harm children or have harmful effects 2.0-30 years from now. I am against it. 
I find it extremely unnecessary that the vaccine be required or even offered to children. Research has shown that children are low risk to COVID and/or dying of COVID so putting the vaccine in their bodies is much more dangerous than them getting COVID it’s self. 
The CDC director has admitted that the vaccine is not effective against infection or transmission of Covid variants. And then the CDC says that almost all cases are now variants. The only reason given for vaccines is to lessen the severity of cases. Why would we vaccinate kids who have very light cases anyway? The risk of the shot is obviously much worse than the disease itself. 
I am opposed to mandating this vaccine to children. The long term effects can’t possibly be known at this point. The research, testing and vaccines for those who want it should be continued, but this should not be mandatory. 
Docket No. FDA-2021-N-1088. for "Vaccines and Related Biological Products; Notice of Meeting; Establishment of a Public Docket; Request for Comments: Please oppose a mandatory Covid-19 'vaccine' for children 5-11. 
I believe the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current,available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOTsupport administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children,who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risksfrom the vaccines.
No to vaccines for 5 and up. The risk of the vaccine far out weights their risk of covid. STOP THIS NOW!!!!!! 
No to any Covid shot for 5 to 11 yr. oldsThis is just another fear tactic from our socialist federal government.Only socialistic countries force their people to obey and deny them the right to have a choice.Wake up America and see where this mandate is leading.
I would urge lawmakers to fund peer reviewed double blind RCT. We should study the data prior to mandating vaccines in young patients.
Absolutely do not allow. The risk are way to high. The blood clots and heart problems are not worth the risk. Data has shown they have very little chance of getting covid and even smaller chance that it might be a severe case.
As a parent the fatalities are a major red flag! The brain and heart swelling post vaccination, is not something I’m willing to test on my innocent children! The similarities to this mandate is eerily similar to the tuberculosis mandates of the facist nazis. Stop this madness and protect our children. 
This is not healthy for our children! Please remember we do not know what the long term effects of this vaccine are. Please keep our children safe but NOT approving any of these shots four our children!!
Children should not be part of a drug experiment. This has many known adverse reactions in the public which have already been in the test pool. These injuries and deaths have not been adequately reported to the public. Shame on anyone pushing this to younger and younger populations.
I am vehemently opposed to vaccinating anyone, especially children, using an unproven drug for a very survivable disease that has an EXTREMELY low mortality rate in otherwise healthy people.
No mandate vaccine for children! No flu vaccine mandate!Children at that young age are still developing their immune system. They're a very low risk and do not need this vaccine mandate!!
Please do not force a mandate on us. We reserve the freedom to choose what is best for our families. 
Please do not push the childhood vaccination through the FDA without proper research 
I am against a vaccine mandate for children and adults. This is a free country to make our own decisions. 
I am absolutely opposed to forced vaccination of 5--11 year olds (or to children of any age) They have a natural immunity and don't need this possibly dangerous "vaccine."
I am opposed to a covid vaccine mandate for children ages 5-12. There is not enough evidence to show that this would even help. Stop this madness! 
No vax for kids when the recovery rate is over 99%! What are you thinking?
Immunizations should be a parents choice not mandated. Certainly not a required to attend school. 
Long term consequences of covid vaccine are not fully studied. But at this stage already thousands adults are suffering from severe side effects. As per statistics kids has mortality rate less than 0.01% after being infected. So there is no need to vaccinate young kids. 
It is causing many issues to those who have got this shot. Heart issues and death. This is not a real vaccine. It is synthetic and experimental. Please don't make our kids be Guinea pigs.
To All It May Concern, Please consider the ramifications of giving a vaccine to our children that hasn't been given enough study for potential harm. With studies showing that the illness does not promote the same life threatening situation in children as it does in much older adults, it doesn't make sense to risk their future health. With much sincerity and concern,Mrs. Tammy Lentz
This is unnecessary step, we don’t need complications arising from vaccination in this age group. Kids at this age can wear out the virus easily without any complication. Natural immunity is better than artificial one anyways. Not enough data to work on. So let us not experiment. Please stop
Please do not rush this vaccine approval and take extra time to ensure it’s safety. Children are largely unaffected by covid. The longterm impact of this vaccine on small children is unknown. Please be responsible and do not force this product on children without greater research and testing.
If you choose to mass vaccinate children in order to go to school with an experimental vaccine, I will be taking my kids out of school and so will millions of other parents. Please do not pass this. 
No mandatory vaccines for anyone. Not for children 5-11. Or any age. No mandatory vaccines 
No more forced shots to children 1 through 18 years old. Let them tell them when their of age to do so.
My children have already had Covid and has natural antibodies. I’m not submitting my children to a vaccine that doesn’t have long term history. 
Leave the children alone! Keep them safe without needles. It’s unnecessary and criminal to vaccinate children. Corruption deserves steep consequences!!
FDA-2021-N-1088 I’m asking that this is not passed as to all my investigation (that seems to be hard to find) this vaccination causes multiple injury. Children are not affected by covid as are the elderly and I pray this stops here as it’s dangerous for our future generations. 
The Covid vaccines are new and untested. And many people are suffering or have suffered adverse affects, including a very high number of deaths. So, it is time for everyone of with power to ask God, "am I being ethical? Am I morally right?" 
Please after viewing the VAERS report and hearing the horror stories, after viewing the stats and 99.99% in this age group survive. There is no need to vaccinate this age group. There is not enough research done. We have no idea the of the effects of this on any age group in the long term but to bring potential harm to our children is reckless.
This age group is more at risk from the vaccine than the illness itself. Please don’t recommend this vaccine for young children. 
Please do not force this experimental drug on the Children of this country. This still is an experimental drug and has not gone through the safety testing that it needs to go through. It’s something that takes years. Do United States is supposed to be a free country where we are allowed to make choices for ourselves not have those choices forced upon us by the government.
Stop. You better not vaccinate kids. The risk is greater for them to be vaccinated than not. If you want to see some enraged parents taking action, this would do it. 
These so called “vaccines” are not even vaccines by the CDC’s own definition! The fact that you are trying to mandate this for children, knowing full well, that it causes heart issues, strokes, DEATH, reproductive issues, autoimmune disorders, the list goes on… is sickening. We need a choice in this matter. Period. 
You crazy for even thinking we need to vaccinate our kids. This is un-American and illegal! To force vaccinate anyone, with a trial drug is pure evil and those who condone it have a price to pay when this is over.
Children have almost a century to live on the earth. Please take a single moment to think about the result that they may have to live with in their life span. I trust science, more specifically the statistics that children have almost zero mortality from covid 19 when the covid vaccines have far greater chance to maim them, Please, think one more time for our children.
All my children are still growing. Mandating giving them a vaccine with no long term safety data in place, no long term efficacy data and documented family history of blood clots and heart murmurs is, to me, unsafe and unwise. As a parent, I am charged with protecting and caring for my children. 
There is NO scientific evidence that this vaxx is safer than children this age actually getting the virus. Stop this mandate now!
Children have a zero percent chance of dying from Covid
Please DO NOT make this available for Children.More testing is needed. It is not an emergency for children. Children are not at a high risk of catching and spreading Covid 19. The vaccine has been shown to be too risky for young people and children. THE MMR vaccine took over 10 years before we made it maditory. That rigorious testing should be applied with the covid vaccine as well.
Its a choice, not a requirement. I have far more friends and family either dead or with long term issues from these vaccines than those not vaccinated. Please stop this madness.
My wife and I are against mandatory vaccines. They are not necessary for everyone and they are deadly for many. All should be allowed to choose whether to be vaccinated. We are especially against mandating untested and dangerous vaccines for our children and grandchildren, who have very little risk to Covid. 
Please allow for parent choice when it comes to vaccinating our children. This is becoming very exhausting to protect our choice and liberty 
I am totally against the use of this product on children. It has proven to often be toxic to adults. Injecting children equates to a crime! Do not do this!
Please follow the science . Children are not a threat neither don’t they need it . The vaccine is doing more damage to them then the actual virus . 
Children have Extremely low risk of catching Covid. If they Do catch it, it can be handled with therapeutics that have low risk. These vaccines have SCORES of risks. Myocarditos or Death are Not side effects that are low risk. My son WILL NOT be getting any these death jabs.
I am against mandatory vaccinations for children 5-12 years of age. Side effects are unknown. Parents need to make the decision NOT the Federal Government.
These rules and regulations go against everything our country has worked for. The government has completely undermined the people and what they want for their children. I for one do not consent to my child being vaccinated against this. 
I ask that you reconsider mandating vaccination of all children 5-11 due to high number of injuries and deaths occurring to adults who have received these shots already. This could affect multiple generations with unknown consequences and possibly humankind 
I don't support this at all.there must be a better way.
It is criminal to inject 5-12 year old children with an experimental gene therapy when the recover rate for children 0-14 years old is 99.99%. Where are the scientific studies on long term effects from the this drug? Stop this corruption of science! Save our children!
To whom it may concern....after many hours of research and listening/ following the recommendations of many of the top drs. and scientists herd and around the world there is absolutely no reason to give children a vaccine for covid 19! Stop this..God has provided them with a perfectly beautiful immune system...DO NOT CONTAMINATE it with this poison.
Please do not approve this for children. Children do not die from covid but could have serious illness to these vaccines. Parents don’t pay attention enough and you don’t know the long term effects on our youth. Make sure you can sleep at night knowing our youth is safe because you make the right decision. 
Please do not mandate this shot on the children. They have more risk of being injured than death from covid. Don’t do this!
Our children are not test samples! Our kids deserve the right to decline! Us adults were forced to keep jobs but our children shouldn’t have to u til they are of age to make this decision for themselves. 
Transmission of COVID-19 among children in schools and daycares is very rare. I object to vacinating kids.
Stop the mandates they're not legal & against the constitution. We are a republic not a communist country. This is evil this vaccine stuff
I vehemently am against giving any COVID vaccine to anyone, but especially children. According the VAERS website there are many untoward effects. As is well known, there are very few actual events reported to the VAERS site. This is very troubling as children are not small adults, their systems are entirely different. There is not enough data about long term effects known at this time. 
Other countries have put a stop to this pharma-funded nightmare. Follow their lead, our children do not need this, nor should we support any mandates coercing people into taking chemical injection
Please do not mandate covid jabs for children until they have been tested sufficiently for present and future side effects. The VAERS website has so many negative reports already to trust the vaccinations. Natural immunity is far superior and creates fewer issues.
Do not authorize this injection for children. 0.00007% fatality rate across all kids in America under 18 is NO grounds for authorizing. 
I vote NO! For kids to be vaccinated between ages 5-11.
Stop the vaccine madness! Our children are not science experiments and we will not inject our children with no safely data to back up the false narrative of "safe and effective "
This is not constitutional, and it is an attack on individual FREEDOM!
Vaccinations for covid 19 should always be voluntary and any attempt to mandate vaccination to any group would be wrong
I implore you to cancel any bill that you are attempting to enact that would require vaccinations to be given to kids 5 to 11 years of age and understand that we will hold you accountable.
There must be no mandated COVID-19 vaccine for kids aged 5-11, for the same reason it must not be mandated for ANYONE, since all three vaccines are STILL under Emergency Use Authorization, and thus, forced vaccination is illegal.
Please do not approve or mandate vaccines for children!!
Why is the US considering this when Britain has determined that risks of the Covid vaccine outweigh the benefits for all children 5 through 17??? What is to be gained??? To achieve a population R-not less than one? I DON’T THINK SO!!!!
The Covid vaccination should not be mandatory for children since it has not been proven to be safe nor effective. We must look at the risk vs benefit ratio. The risk for children dying of Covid is less than 1% and their Covid symptoms are mild. The vaccine does not stop transmission and does not prevent illness so why do we want to inject that into the children? 
I do not want to be required to vaccinate my kids with the covid 19 vaccine by force in order to send my kids to school. We have been in the public school system for 8 years, and want to continue without this forced mandate disrupting our kids education and community 
Please leave this choice up to parents. With immunobridging having been used, the test group for side effects is extremely small vs the population in this age group. Kids are in a low danger risk for covid. Let parents do a risk vs benefit comparison in deciding the health decisions for their children. 
Kids are not at risk of Covid. Do not give them shots that cause injury.
No child vaccinations shoul be recommended until more study on efficacy, side effects and natural immunity are done.
These shots should not be mandatory, and really shouldn’t be given to children at all
There is absolutely NO NEED to give this vaccine to children. This should not be mandated or even allowed
stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine
For the love of God, keep this garbage out of our kids. Where is the data that supports putting this crap into our kids?????
Please don’t put this in motion. Not enough evidence yet. More trials needed. You are not raising my child, especially with the survival rate being so high for children already. 
I had an adverse neurological effect and my mother had an adverse cardiac effect from both Me Pfizer and her Moderna shots!!!! How can you force this on babies!!!!
I will not be covid vaccinating my children with something that has more chances of side effects then efficacy . 
Why would you mandate a vaccine that is proven to not work on children that have a 99 % survival rate. I think you better read the Nuremberg code before you decide anything the people of the United States are watching closely.
It is insane to even think about jabbing young children with an experimental drug when their own natural immune system has been proven to handle the Covid virus beautifully. One dear child lost to an adverse reaction is not worth the risk.
The odds of children dying from COVID is less then the odds of getting struck by lightning. However, we know that the COVID vaccines are risky and have killed thousands of people. It is irresponsible to put our children at risk to a vaccine that is unnecessary. Please do not give COVID vaccines to children.
You approve this drug/vaccine/gene therapy and CHILDREN WILL DIE AND YOU KNOW THEY WILL. You will have blood on your hands
Approve what ever you want for whom ever you want but how do you know the long term effects if you have not tested it? Its my body its my choice! 
Please DO NOT introduce mandatory COVID vaccination for children. I have six children, we are careful with mask usage and social distancing so we are not a threat. And the risks we would be subjecting the children to, when the benefits to them are relative minor. This kind of benefits-burdens calculus make mandating children vaccines unethical. 
This must not be allowed. Children are hardly affected,by the Covid virus. This has nothing to do with the health of children and has everything to do with profits! Getting vaccinated does not stop the spread of the viruse. This must stop now!
DO NOT MANDATE CHILDREN TO GET THE COVID VACCINE!!!!!!! No No No! Medical freedom please!
Please vote NO to Covid vaccinations for children 5-12!
I am against the approval of a Covid-19 vaccine for children. It is impossible to ensure that vaccines are safe for administration to children, and unethical to test vaccine safety on children. The potential benefits of a vaccine do not outweigh the risks.
This is against the law and we the people have a choice and the government cannot take that away. Children do not need to be given a shot when they have a 99% chance of survival. A shot that only has a 3% chance to work and is not FDA approved should not be administered when we don’t know the affects it has. 
I am completely against children being vaccinated for COVID 19. The risk way out weighs the experimental shot. Children are have to many repercussions from the shot and have a 99% survival rate of recovery. Why would anyone risk injury to their children with that percentage of survival. 
I am against approving the covid 19 vaccine for children and extremely against mandating it for them or anyone for that matter. Children are at the lowest risk for covid 19 and this injection has not been proven to be safe or effective at all. 
This is ridiculous. Children are not affected by COVIS to any degree of severity. The vaccine has not been in use long enough to know if there are long term safety issues with it. The risks of the vaccine are higher than the risks of getting covid for this particular age group. 
I'm very concerned about the vaccination in young childern, I don't think kids should be inoculated with an experimental treatment, they have the better survival rates for the virus, Thanks in advanced 
COVID rarely causes serious illness in children but the vaccine is showing serious side affects in some children and unknown long term side affects. There has not been enough research on the vaccine to mandate children or adults should be forced to take it. We should have the right to choose what we will inject in our bodies and our children’s bodies.
This is ridiculous. Children aren't even affected by Covid. There are however children who have died from the experimental drugs! When the cure rate is 99.9x%, a vaccine is not needed, especially when there are cures out there like Hydroxichloriquine and Ivermectin that has been known to cure Covid 19! Thus is so wrong on so many levels. Parents shouls decide, not the schools or government. 
Please don't force a poison to be injected into our kids that we have NO history with for side affects. It takes years to find out that there are bad side affects that take place and then it's too late!!!
I think the vaccines altogether are getting out of control & giving people more power than they know what to do with which is breeding hatred. This is the U.S.A. LET EVERYONE HAVE THE FREEDOM TO CHOOSE!! STOP ALL THE MANDATES!! 
Noooooooo one should mandate what to inject into my children. You will answer to God for all harm that you have done
We don’t know enough about the long term effects this vaccine will cause. I’m not willing to take the chance or risk for my kids! Why are we pushing something so fast… where is the data to show kids see in jeopardy at this moment… untrue! 
I strongly disagree with a child covid-19 vaccine mandate until further testing can be done. Children are NOT at high risk of infection and/or death due to covid-19 and parent's should have the choice to decide if they want their children vaccinated.
Parents have the right to choose their child's medical care. Forced vaccinations for anyone, especially children is not ok.
I strongly disagree with the COVID 19 vaccine use in children. The science is too new to know the long term side effects for our youth for a disease that has a slim chance of death in children. 
Do not force children to take any vaccine that does not provide immunity against Covid 19. The robust immune system of the children does a much better job fighting Covid. Even CDC acknowledges that the vaccine DOES NOT PROVIDE IMMUNITY against Covid.
I highly oppose the vaccine mandate for children & adults 
The United States already vaccinates our children more than other 1st world countries. This is crazy to expect that children can get mandated to get the vaccine.
The risks of vaccines in children are far more concerning than any risks related to the virus. Please do not approve vaccine use in these precious children. We need more long term data, and children are simply not at high risk of being seriously harmed by effects of COVID-19.
I oppose the vaccine mandate for any chuld to be vac cause the vac causes more harm than good.We know it's all about gov. Control.
If you approve this poison for children, you're adding to the bloodshed that is already covering your hands and your life. You will reap the fruits of your labor and your lives will be hell. Stop fucking with our children!!!!
NO, our children are NOT to be used as experimental lab rats. Not necessary,not ok!
The vaccine is not safe for kids! Especially kids under 12. I refuse to have my child take this vaccine! Please think about the children, and not about the money for once!
Not my child. Not enough time to see effects of this vax. 
Please do not vaccinate children with this pathogen it’s not a vaccine you will be killing our children for what reason their is no reason you’ll be going against the Supreme Court stating it’s not a vaccine and their for you’ll be liable for all their deaths .. 
There should be no mandates for the Covid 19 vaccine in children under 18 years old. This age group is overwhelmingly unaffected by the virus and the choice to get any vaccine should be the right of their parents.
Please please don’t be pressured by the uppers to approve something you know is not needed or not well enough tested to inject into our kids. 
Please vote no for vaccines for children. There is not enough research on safety and long term effects. Many reports of complications due to the vaccine from patient's who have been vaccinated and it does not keep you from getting covid!
Too many inconsistencies concerning these so-called vaccines of all brands allude to the controversy that the population is the test subject…but of course, stranger things have happened. 
I oppose the mandate for the covid 19 vaccine to be administered to children ages 5-11.
No mandated vaccines for ANYONE, especially young children who ARE NOT AT RISK OF DEATH from this Covid-19 nor any of it's variants! 
No child or adult should be forced. No to all mandates. Kids are not super spreaders.
Do not do this to our kids! Our kids are not your science experiment. Do not harm the children. 
Why again are we pushing a jab For a virus that has a 99.7 recovery right? Who’s agenda is this really? It sounds to me like it’s about control. White children? Covid has not been running rampant and young adults. Stop the insanity!
Against forced vaccinations for children, should be parents choice. 
This vaccine should NOT be mandated for children or for anyone. This should be a personal choice NOT a decision made by the government. People are developing health conditions after receiving this vaccine. This should in no way be a mandate. I hope this gets corrected. 
It is disgusting that vaccines are being made for children that aren’t even in danger of dying from covid. The American people have had enough of this! Stop forcing this junk on our kids!!!
I don’t think children from 5 to 11 should be receiving vaccines, because they are not at risk..
You can't say you didn't know! Nuremberg trials!https://www.ibtimes.com/another-country-halts-use-moderna-covid-vaccine-over-heart-inflammation-men-under-30-3311606
Kids are not at risk and this vaccine doesn’t stop transmission. There is no reason to vaccinate the young. They are also the buffer for this disease to make more dangerous mutations.
Stop poisoning our kids!You lack any wisdom by doing this. Please look at the ingredients in this poison. Would you give this to your children or grandchildren? 
This is totally experimental for children and look at VEARS injuries and DEATH! Are you still wanting to give a deadly shot to 5 years old??? Kidding me!!!!
Absolutely believe that it should never be mandated that 5-11 year olds be made to have the Covid vaccine under no circumstances!!
Please stay out of our health affairs and the government should work on Governments problems.
I do not agree with this mandate as we do not have long term studies on adults let alone our children. Do not out our children's lives at risk. We have an immune system for a reason let it do its job. 
This experimental gene therapy should NOT even be considered for a demographic that is NOT at risk of the virus. Not to mention, the long term side effects are unknown and the risks of injecting an experiment are far too great. 
Stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe COVID vaccine. This vaccine insanity needs to stop immediately! 
Do not mandate the COVID injection for children or adults.The injection does not prevent the illness.There are thousands of people having adverse effects.We already have herd immunity.Parents have the right to decide what is in their children’s best interest.All people have the right to self-determination. 
How do you know long term effects when it is never been used and you are giving it to children ?
The experimental vaccines do more harm than good, as outlined in this excellent PDF by Steve Kirsch: https://www.skirsch.com/covid/All.pdf
Please avoid allowing young children to be vaccinated with the SARS-C-ov-2 gene therapy medicine. Their immune systems are not yet fully developed to withstand such an onslaught.Also, kids are no threat to adults in passing along covid-19.Thank you.
The science does not support vaccination in children. The risks far outweigh the benefits. Children are not super spreaders. Children have a 99.997% survival rate if they do get CoVid. Please follow the science and do not place a mandate for CoVid vaccination in our children. 
Dear FDA,My children are not cattle and vaccines is not necessary especially the virus has not much effect on them. They are healthy and doing very well because I have been teaching them and providing them the best care. They have good strong immune system and vaccines is not the answer. Please leave the children alone!! They are human beings and they are our future!
I am 100 percent opposed to vaccinating my 5 and 6 year olds. This vaccine is too new to know what the long term effects might be. My children are healthy and I’m not risking a healthy future for them. They will not under any circumstance get this vaccine at anytime in their childhood. 
I implore you, FDA to not approve vaccines for ages 5-11. We know that the fatality rate for children this age is .00007% If you approve then it will become mandate and law of the land. Hope you can see that this doesn’t make sense, children aren’t dying of COVID 19 or the delta variant. 
The COVID relates vaccines should absolutely not be approved for children. Their risk of adverse reactions, combined with risks of unknown long term effects, are much greater Than their risk of Severe covid. No nation should ever sacrifice its children like this. 
NO TO CHILD VACCINES! Theres a LARAGE PORTION OF THE PUBLIC Who will lose trust in this institution! BACK OFF THE CHILDREN WITH THESE VACCINES! It DISGUSTS ME! No longter human trials and now ALREADY moving onto the CHILDREN!!!?? OUR MOST VULNERABLE POPULATION!? BACK OFF THE BABIES WITH YOUR SOCIAL/GOVERNMENT EXPERIMENTS! 
Please stop giving this jab to everyone and especially our children. Teach us how to boost our immune system naturally. You know for a fact that once we have had covid, we become naturally immune. Please think of human life and not money! There are so many stated side effects from people that have had the Pfizer vaccination. 
There is NOT enough evidence that this vaccine can be safely given to children. What we DO know is that millions and of dollars are at stake for those who are pushing this agenda. THAT is what resonates with parents and Patriots. 
FDA has no constitutional right to approve or endorse experimental medication on humans let alone children. Kids don’t suffer the same from COViD as adults. It would far better for a child’s immune system to get COViD survive then to put gene therapy; a new technology in their sacred bodies. When will this end?
Don’t vaccinate kids 5-11, it’s totally unnecessary and so dangerous for them!
I am against Covid vaccination of children!!!!It's very dangerous! 
Vaccines for 5-12 year olds should not be mandated when their parent or Doctor has a medical concern or religious prohibition.
I stand in complete opposition to the FDA mandating the COVID-19 vaccine for children 5-12 year olds ( and up to 18 year olds) because of the potential risks of the vaccine far outweighing the morbidity/mortality of children for contract the virus itself
If you have ever met a mother bear protecting her cub or even heard of the lengths they will go then I strongly advice you to not try and take control of our children. People won’t cower as easily as you have seen them do this far when you start messing with our kids.
You need to STOP the vaccinations in children that are not affected by the virus. The vaccine is doing more harm than good!!!
I do not support vaccinations of children at this time. There is not enough longitudinal data to support safety at this point in time and children are very low risk of complications of COVID. The potential risks may outweigh the benefits. Please consider taking a more conservative approach in their scenario.
Protect our children from the potential harm of covid vac.
Why take a “vaccine” when the risk of COVID in this age group is less than adverse side effects to these products.
NO MANDATES, our children are to precious for a vaccine they are No vaccine for children, period. Children are 99.99% unlikely to die from Covid, who knows what the side effects from the vaccine might be. No reason to take the chance.
Hi, there’s is zero reason to have our children get a vaccine for something they are 99.99% immune from severe reactions. We would be subjecting them to side effects from the vaccine. We don’t even know long term side effects yet. Please delay this availability until all trials are completed. 
Do not mandate Covid vaccination for kids 5-11. As a parent I oppose the vaccination and want to be heard.
Please do not approve the vaccines for children, they are our most precious and at the same time most vulnerable of our population we need to be absolutely,positively sure the vaccines are safe besides children don't get very sick so they will have natural amenity thanks for your time
Science tells You this is not the path for children. Have You ever heard of The Nuremberg Trials? ALL of the Perpetrators will be held responsible for any harm that comes to these precious healthy children. Stand for the Truth!
Vaccine adverse events have skyrocketed and it is criminal for the US government to push that vaccine on anyone, let alone children. Please do not approve this vaccine for children. 
It is my belief covid Experimental Injections should be in trials for years before considering them safe for our youth. The adverse reactions for adults is tragic! 
Let people make their own decisions regarding our own health and stay out of it! You are no one to try and push this unconstitutional and unethical! Stop the tyranny! 
Tyranny, malfeasance & crimes against humanity are charges that must be heard, reviewed & openly discussed.
Stop the vaccine mandate on kids 5 to 12. And also stop vaccine mandates on everyone 
I am completely against covid vaccinations for children. This is highly unnecessary given the extremely low death rates in children to covid. We do not know the long-term side effects in adults as of yet, so allowing children to also be vaccinated is extremely risky and puts their future health in danger. Please do not approve covid vaccination for children.
I’m sure you all think we are stupid. This is not about health, why would we want to start injecting out children with poison?? It makes zero common sense and it’s will never comply to this complete and utter madness! 
There should absolutely not be vaccine mandates for any child in school. This decision should be left to the parents only. 
Why would children be given something that has never been proven long term, where there is extremely little chance of viral detriment to the child. Why is this even a consideration. .Many doctors around the world are speaking out against this medical experimental gene therapy! i think you should listen. it makes no sense to vaccinate children
How can you in good faith move forward on vaccinating children when there is no liability held to anyone who created these in-trial vaccinations? Children will die from your actions. This is insanity! If you move forward please understand it will be your heart that will hold you in contempt. Try living with that for a lifetime. Shameful! 
I do not agree with mandating a vaccine for children. That is absurd! 
Kids immune system should not be compromised with a vaccine that is only a few months old. Long term studies should be taken before giving this to our kids. 
More children will be homeschooling and our public school system will fail. I will homeschool my children and will expect to see this reflected in the taxes I will not be paying for public education. This is an over reach of the greatest callibur considering they are researching the reproduction in women in relation the the vaccine and the clinical trials are not completed. 
As a parent I feel that all medical procedures, including vaccines, should be thoroughly discussed between parent and physician. Then an informed decision can be made by the parent and said decision be respected by physician. 
Until it has been proven to be as needed, and as safe as any other childhood shot or vaccine, I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 (SHOTS) for children.
1. The vaccine is experimental. Who wants to do an experiment on their own child?!2. Mandatory vaccination is violation of basic human rights. 3.Death rate from Covid among the kids less than 1%. 4.Nowadays Covid can be easily treated, especially on kids.5. Everybody knows it’s money making business. 
Why fast track a drug we have no long term data on for kids or anyone for that matter. What are the reproductive affects, is there a peer review study done for this age group. This to me is out of control, vaccines have always been a good thing. Why force this on people? I'll bet if a transparent long term study would be done more people wouldn't need to be forced
Stop this nonsense. Who are we protecting??? The risks of the vaccine outweigh the risks from Covid for children! 
Why would you subject children to a drug we have no long term data on for a virus that is little to no risk to them. If you are complicit in doing this to innocent children, make no mistake. There will be a reckoning for you in this life or the next. How to you live with yourself?
I am NOT in favor of a mandate for covid-19 “vaccine” for children- children are of low risk for trhis disease 
Mandating a shot that isnt even a vaccine is ridiculous. 
Under no circumstances should children this young be forced to take a shot that is still not understood. No American should be mandated for anything!!! My body my choice!! My children- MY CHILDREN!!!
Covid 19 vaccines should not be authorized for children 5-12, given their vulnerability to potential side effects, minimal risk to the disease, low likelihood of children spreading this virus, and significant lack of long term safety studies in children. 
This in regards to vaccinating children 5 and up. Children are the least likely too catch Covid. The overall chances of all the population dying from Covid are less than 1% and even less than that for young children. Please do not require children 5 and up to be mandated to take this experimental drug. 
Absolutely NOT!! Do you know how many kids have gotten Covid and been just fine? Little cold been out for a week and came back stronger. We need to protect these kids and their future.
This shot is unnecessary for children, and very unsafe, we don’t know the long term side effects. 
I choose individual medical freedom of choice. No mandates or dictates from the government regarding my personal health choices
I oppose the mandate of the Covid-19 vaccine for children age for 5-11. Children are at very low risk of contracting, spreading, or having significant illness from Covid-19. The risk of the vaccine does not balance out the risk of the disease in this instance. 
Please consider casting your vote against the mandatory COVID-19 vaccination of children ages 5-11. These children are at a very low risk of serious complications from the disease. It seems to me that that does not justify injecting them with an experimental drug, that has had some serious complications, even in adults.
If you decide to approve this vaccine for children under 12 years old, please please please do not mandate!! Children are not dying from COVID and really are not spreading it. Please look at the data. Leave this up to parents to make the decision. 
Children have over 99% chance of surviving the virus. Why in the world would you subject them to a "vaccine"? This is not a vaccine, it is a gene altering practice.. Do not practice this on OUR children. The "VIRUS" has not been isolated, so how do you claim to approve an EUA on a virus that cannot be proven? We have been educated and we know what is going on.
Please consider that this drug has not been out long enough to determine long term side affects. What if we have an entire generation in 10-15 years that can not have children. It takes longer 1-2 years to determine long term affects. Please do not pass this for anything other than emergency use. 
As a parent and a teacher I am alarmed that the FDA would even consider approving a new vaccine to young children. The consequences are unknown and COVID does not pose a risk to children. It is your responsibility to protect Americans from harm and to use caution when a new product comes to market. Our children should not be part of an experiment. 
There is no reason for a child under 12 to get the vaccine. Their risk is minimal. 
I am highly against the approval of the Co-vid vaccine for children. The risks of having complications fron the vaccine are MUCH higher than the risk of them contracting or suffering complications from the virus itself. 
Please halt this rush to inject our children. There has been no long-term safety testing, this is madness.
I am asking that you oppose approving and mandating the vaccine for children. There is no long term data available to determine if it is safe for them. And not enough children die from this virus to warrant such a decision. 
Absolutely, do not pass covid 19 shot mandates for children 5 through 11. If you follow recent CMS data of seniors being fully covid 19 double injected, you would see the dismal failure of protecting them from death and hopitalization and you would not even think of doing this mandate. Please turn down this decision. Thank you, Lynda
How many 5-12 year old children have had Covid. Leave them alone. This is preposterous. Go vax your own children and grandchildren. 
Our children don't need this. Covid poses little risk to them and many teens have already had severe reactions to the vaccine.
My older children, husband, and I are all vaccinated. My 10 year old goes to school every day without that same defense. Please please please PLEASE let us provide her with the same protection the rest of us are so grateful for. Please allow vaccines for kids 5-11. 
I am vehemently against approval of this experimental vaccine for children. The studies show that they aren't super spreaders. There are no long term studies on the effects of this experimental vaccine. This has gone to far. 
Stop this total non sense, stupid fascist move. There are A LOT OF INTELLIGENT INDIVIDUALS IN THIS COUNTRY who WILL NOT ABIDE to this FUCKING SHIT. STOP PRAYING THE LESS PRIVILEGED. GET YOUR FUCKING GAME OUT OF THE LINE YOU SON OF A BITCH.
I'm a mother of 4 young children and am firmly against the covid vaccine for children. Children are at extremely low risk of death/hospitalization that I do not want to risk giving them a vaccine with such little known history. Let's put our kids before profits!
Mandating any medical procedure, forcing anything into the bodies of free Americans is wrong. Worse for any American children is not having the choice to decide what goes into their bodies. ESPECIALLY WHEN THE RISK OF THE “SOLUTION” FAR OUTWEIGHS THE RISK OF THE “PROBLEM”. All you guys want is power and money. It’s so obvious to many who are waking up.
Please stand up for freedom. We are losing it faster than I ever imagined. No vaccine mandates!
I am opposed to Covid19 vaccines for children under 18. The data shows the benefits do not out with the risks.
End vaccine mandates / regulations. People who want the vaccine should have the choice as do those that do not want it.
I do not support the approval of a new vaccine until all of the typically study trials are completed. No not rush this process! 
Children do not need experimental vaccines for Covid.The recovery rate is higher than for the flu.This is child abuse!
We do not yet have long term data on the safety of the vaccine. The risk is not greater than the reward for an age group that already has a low chance of severe side effects if infected with covid. I do not think children should be involved in this experiment. 
I am the mother of an 8 year old girl, and I know more people than I can possibly name here that have had adverse reactions to this experimental mRNA gene therapy. It is NOT safe for anyone of any age, but ESPECIALLY for our children! It’s a crime against humanity what these organizations are trying to push on the population as a whole, and it needs to stop NOW!!
Children are hundreds of times more likely to suffer severe, even deadly, effects from the COVID-19 vaccines than they are from COVID. They are developing strong immune systems to help them in their adult lives and the vaccine will damage that natural process. Please reject this proposal for giving the Pfizer vaccine to children ages 5-11. Thank you. 
No more mandates! Let parents decide for their children. Treat Covid vaccines similar to the flu shot moving forward. Kids stand nothing to loose or gain - leave them out. 
I’m not ok with this. I’m not comfortable putting this into my child’s body when it’s still under early stages. 
There is no reason for 5-12 year olds to receive a vaccination. The risk of getting sick from covid is so minimal. There is no data for long term effects of the vaccine. 
Do not mandate these questionable and dangerous injection for these little ones. Statistically there is almost 100% survival rate for children who acquire Covid. 
Please do not even consider mandating or even recommending the Covid vaccine for school age children. To do so with an experimental therapy that has no long term testing data on a population that is at extremely low risk for death or even ill effects is an abomination. 
Reject the mandate !!! You do not dictate our children! You know nothing about what’s best for them or their individualized growth plan.
Our children were NOT affected by covid and shouldn't be subject to a vaccine that can give them lifelong illnesses
Children are NOT getting Covid. Please stop pushing this Shot as it is not a vaccine. A vaccine protects against the disease. Everyone I know that received this Shot also got the Covid. What is the purpose of pushing this poison jab? Please STOP pushing this on Children and Adults. This Covid Shot has injured too many people. 
Please do not allow children to be required to have the Covid 19 vaccine!!!!It is way too soon to tell what long term effects it could have on their developing bodies; also, covid 19 is a mild infection at best for nearly all children.Thank you
Children should not be "vaccinated" with this experimental drug for COVID. Nobody has any idea what is in it, that has been keep from the public. Additionally it is not necessary for children who hardly ever get COVID and when they do -- recover quickly. This has been already proven over and over. Other vaccines are acceptable and proven-- this one is NOT. SAVE OUR CHILDREN!! THEY ARE THE FUTURE!!
I urge you to not allow the vaccinations for children ages 5-11. There has not been enough trials to consciously and morally approve this drug for a sickness that has a 0.0027% death rate. You know this is wrong. Please stand up and do what is right.
We as the People deserve a right to decide what is put into our bodies. You cannot force people to put toxins into their bodies.
You cannot-MUST NOT allow these children to get the jab. The British Medical Society put out a research paper that, basically says, children have a 50 times higher chance of dying from the vaccine than from Covid-19. This must not happen here.
If this happens… I will be pulling my children from school and all activities. Please do not do this to our children. 
Please do not risk harming innocent children with this experimental vaccine. They are not at risk and children should not be used as shields for adults.
NO COVID VACCINE FOR CHILDREN! This virus is not putting children at significant risk. COVID VACCINES ARE NOT PREVENTING CONTRACTION OR TRANSMISSION OF THIS VIRUS. Children have strong natural immunities...THEY DONT NEED A COVID VACCINE...DONT ALLOW THIS!
I ferociously object to any vaccine mandates for children of any age. Science shows that children have nearly 0% chance of fatality due to this virus. This is a Heynis attempt to harm and injure our children. Follow the real science.
Absolutely not necessary to mandate a vaccine that child is not at risk for.. Our children our choice.
This is NOT okay! Please don’t mandate this for our children! The risk for them is SO low, and the vaccine doesn’t even protect ! JUST NO!!! 
Please reconsider this approval for the Covid vaccine for children. The reports clearly show that the kids are at higher risk from side effects from this vaccine. The risk of Covid infection is much less than the vaccine. The long term risks and side effects are unknown. Please, please, please stop this!!!!!!!!!!
There’s no reason any human being who has a 99.99% of survival with any given virus should be forced to get a new vaccine that’s only been in the market for less than a year. Absolutely no risk is justified for this group of children and please stop mandating it for them.
I believe parents should make the decision if their children are vaccinated. In addition, children are not a high risk group for an adverse event if they contract Covid. If the vaccine is truly effective, then those who want to be vaccinated should get vaccinated. However, it should be the parents decision for their children and not the governments. 
I do not agree the COVID 19 vaccine should be required for children ages 5-12 along with older children. There is no long term studies to know what this will do in 5, 10, 20 years from now. Do not make a PANICED decision that will affect millions of our kids for years to come. THIS SHOULD NOT BE APPROVED! 
We the people and especially the children of the United States of America do not want to be medical test subjects. Now is not the time to grant Pfizer's request. I and my family are requesting that VRBPAC and FDA should strongly OPPOSE amending the vaccine's emergency use authorization for our young children. Thank you, a retired health professional.
Do not mandate vaccines for our children!! There is no science on long term effects, children are not at risk and parents have the medical authority over their children's health!! You have lost all of your credibility already!!!!
Thank you from refraining to vaccinate children 5-11.
The push to put an experimental drug into the arms of children is absolutely outrageous. If adults want to participate in such a trial and put dubious materials into their bodies, so be it. Leave the children alone. 
I do NOT want this gene therapy disguised as a "vaccine " to be authorized for use in children!
I beg of you to please not allow this covid mandate for our children. There is no long term data on these vaccines, and how they could affect our children and future generations. The science is actually building against these vaccines, and I am keeping a database of everything so please feel free to reach out and I’d be happy to share with you. Thank you,Melissa
Hold Vaccine Manufacturers Liable. Vaccines are not one size fits all. Whomever supports this supports the devil.
Forcing a non sterilizing vaccine on the population least likely to be affected by COVID makes zero sense. This vaccine is very little data and testing on children. Allow parents to make their own decisions for their children. Do not force vaccination among children. 
I am a proud grandfather to three beautiful little girls. I don't accept or consent to any agency or group to knowing allow or push poisons that the covid vaccine, or any other vaccine have within them into the beings of my granddaughters or any other child in this world. This is a crime against not just the children of the world, but humanity itself. Love to the light and god bless our children
Vaer's report shows tens of thousands of reports of deaths and adverse effects from these vaccines. This is an obvious attack on humanity. If you go through with this and approve a fake vaccine for children you will be charged with crimes against humanity. You will be executed at Gitmo!
Reiner Fuellmich is bringing all you criminals to justice. Treason and mass murder.
I encourage the dismissal of the use of covid vaccines for children under the age of 18. This is the least 'at risk' group, and we have not had time to discover the long term effects. This Vax needs to be a choice, not a mandate, especially with this population. It is not necessary, there is no emergent reason, and it is potentially damaging.
I urge you to NOT rush into approving the Covid vaccine for children
Do not approve an EUA for any covid vaccine for children. They are low risk, science DOES NOT support it and parents don't want it for their children. Test and vet it for a much longer time frame and do not recommend it. 
There should NOT be any mandate or law or requirement to vaccinate against a virus that is over 98% survivable. 
Please do not prematurely approve Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine. We definitely believe that it is a money making scheme for the drug industry!
I am against this. Our children are not lab rats. They are born with healthy immune system. We don't need a vaccine for an illness that has 99% survival rate. Enough of this! 
Don’t mandate the children.It’s an experiment.Look at JVCI in the UK.
Stop mandating vacines - they are ineffective and could have long term side effects. 
I think from my research that vaccinating 5-11 year olds for Covid-19 is criminal, when they have 99.997% chance of surviving a Covid-19 infection. Add to this the potential adverse effects, and it makes this decision a heinous crime against free will & humanity.
If you mandate this Covid shot for kids 5-12yrs I will be pulling all 3 of my kids out of public school. We will not be coursed my Nazi’s 
This is form of Eugenics and nothing to do with health. Please stop this madness.
I don’t feel vaccines should be mandated for children 5-11. There isn’t enough long term effect research. The survival rate is high and they’re aren’t a lot of cases in children. 
The covid vaccine is no way safe for 5 to 11 year old children. I will not vaccinate myself or my children. There has not been enough testing and research on this vaccine. Please do not make our young children take this vaccine. Natural immunity is best.
How can you consider giving this vaccine to young children without more long term data? 1-2 years at best is not enough to do what long term impacts it could have. Please stop the madness and give it more research before mandating something for the youth of this country. 
DO NOT MANDATE CHILDREN Children do not need to submit their bodies to the “science” and the government to be “ vaccinated” against a virus they have 99.9999% survival. The immune systems of our children need not be altered by “science”. 
Strongly oppose inoculating for a virus with over a 98% natural recovery rate. No need for it. 
My children will not be subjected to the mandate to have a mandated vaccine injected into their body. Not until every single FDA employee, vaccine company employee, and politician are also mandated to be injected with this population control device.
No! Parent choice is a must. We are not injecting our kids with something that isn’t necessary nor has been tested long enough.
The real science has clearly shown that the benefits of the Covid shots for our children do not outweigh the risks. You cannot, in good conscience, approve this for our kids. 
Please, let's use common sense and NOT use this "vaccine" on our children. There has been no long term testing. There has been many serious side effects(Stop immediately, please)
Please do not approve any of the covid vaccines for children 5-11.
When there is a risk of severe injury or death, no medication, drug, nor vaccine should be made mandatory for anyone. Case in point Maddie De Garay a 12 year old girl from Ohio. She suffered extreme reactions and nearly died after volunteering for the Pfizer coronavirus vaccine trial. As of the summer of 2021, the young girl was in a wheelchair unable to walk and receiving nutrition from a tube.
 do not believe we shouldMandate the vaccines for kids 5-12 years of age
Please do not mandate such a new vaccine for our youth. Allow them to develop. I am a mother who feeds my children healthy organic food, we limit TV and are outside, all me to make the choice on behalf of my children and our healthy habits. The vaccine needs seasoning. There are too many as is. 
Please do not force these inoculations on our children!! They don’t need them, they are not at risk of dying from Covid!!!
Stop the dictator from destroying the freedom of America. I don't want the vaccine for personal reasons and am tired of the Biden administration forcing their will on me and my family. It has to stop now!
I do not believe the FDA or anyone has the right to decide what we put in our body. We are born with rights and by government mandating us to do something against our will or beliefs is wrong. I do not believe the vaccine should me mandates, give people the information necessary to make their own decision.
Vaccines for children against a VIRUS with a 99.8% recovery/survival rate is UNNECESSARY and born from government and pharmaceutical overreach. There are ZERO peer reviewed studies to back this up.
You do not have the right to mandate a vaccine on my child whom does not want it. There is not enough long term studies and information to be sticking our children with a new vaccine. If something happens to my child will you take full responsibility?!
I do not believe it is a good idea to force this Covid vaccine on children. They are not at risk of dying from this virus. There is more harm than good in forcing this experimental vaccine onto our children. There have been too many adverse effects of the vaccine on all ages. Do not mandate or even approve this vaccine for our healthy children. Maybe mandate exercise and sunshine instead.
Children ages 5-11 survive covid illness at 99.9%. This vaccine is unnecessary for this population. With Vaers reporting thousands of deaths from covid 19 vaccine not to mention damaging untold numbers of teens with myocarditis the roll out of this vaccine needs to be stopped and investigated immediately.
Please oppose the Covid vaccine for children 5-11. Allow parents to make their own choices for their children!!!!!
Sounds as if mandatory vaccinations for children is being considered. Not necessary, based on real world risk to children up to 18 years. Show some courage and let’s stop by ceasing to obsess on eradicating COVID 19. 
While the complete capture of the FDA by the very Pharma companies it is supposed to regulate has been in the works for a long time, approving the clot shot for kids would truly be a new level of depravity. 
This vaccine should never be mandating for kids. It’s too new, proven unsafe and it’s not stopping Covid at all. EUA shouldn’t even be considered for children. 
Children between the ages of 5 - 12 have almost zero risk of catching the virus much less dying from the virus. Also, non of the shots create immunity from catching, spreading or dying from the virus. They're is zero reason a child needs this shot period. 
The science doesn't show a need for a mandate, children are the safest group in terms of covid. This could put out future in harms way as this short amount of time in circulation and testing doesn't provide adequate data to long term possibilities.
Where there is risk, there should be choice. Everyone has different bodies, beliefs, and experiences. Should be the choice of the parents to way in their child’s risks, and make the best decisions. The vaccine does NOT eradicate the virus. There is enough evidence to prove that. Thank you. 
This vaccine is not necessary for children. They have a 99.7% recovery rate and Dr’s are all agreeing that natural immunity is best anyway! The citizens of the US deserve medical freedom. And as a parent, I do not need politicians deciding what’s best for my child. I have a family Dr that we trust for medical advice & treatment. One who respects my decisions as a mother. 
The future side effects are unknown. The current known side effects are too great. Do not begin killing children with this product.
Stop messing with our childrens health! We all were created with an amazing immune system and children need to developed it, not put artificial ingredients into their bodies if they don’t want too. Is money And power that important To you? You will be judged one day.
Our children should not be forced to take an experimental vaccine that does not have any data for long term effects and for a virus that has such a high survival rate at their age. 
I am vehemently opposed to any covid vaccine being mandatory for kids. I am considering withdrawing my child from public education over this issue.
— I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccine.
Why are you trying to vaccinate our children when the death rates for children is extremely low.
Statistics show that children do not need this so called vaccine, and can be more detrimental than the virus itself....
I am against making children ages 5 to 11, get the Covid vaccine! Do not move forward with this action. I do not feel it is safe, too many people have already died from the vaccine, so children should not have it!
I do not comply, our children are not your testing subjects!
Please consider not approving the covid vaccine for 5-11year Olds. Their demographic is not that effected and they have healthy immune systems. Please allow them to live healthy lives. They vaccine has not been studied adequately. 
There is insufficient long-term safety data to support giving the the COVID vaccine to children. There has been no independent Safety Board review as well as a complete list of ingredients provided. Additionally, there has been no independent study of deaths attributed to the vaccine delineated in VAERS. 
NO NO NO THESE CHILDREN ARE TOO YOUNG. CASES IN THIS AGE GROUP ARE NOT TRACKED BECAUSE THEY ARE SO LOW!!! NO NO NO
DO NOT APPROVE COVID-19 vaccines for children 5-12. There are too many questions and adverse reactions to this along with kids this age aren’t even part of the majority of concern when infected. THIS SHOULDNT EVEN BE A THOUGHT RIGHT NOW!!!
These Vaccines have NO long term safety data and the covid flu does affect young children/ teens despite the media lying about it. We do not consent to shots being authorized for kids 5-12 yrs old. NATURAL IMMUNITY should be a factor as well asPARENTAL CHOICE. 
Covid does not pose enough risk to children to risk giving them this vaccine. There are not enough safety studies, and healthy children who have been given the vaccine have developed serious side effects and dangerous health conditions. Please do not experiment on children.
There is not any bit of data that supports the mandate of a vaccine for children ages 5-12. Statistically speaking, there is zero chance of death or serious illness from COVID in this age group. The FDA should be held legally, and ethically responsible for any negative side effects that may arise from a child being mandated to receive this vaccine. 
Covid Vaccine should be treated like the flu shot. Not mandatory!!! 
Do not agree to give 5-11 years old vacination enforcement
Children's risk for Covid as assessed by experts is close to zero. They do not need to be vaccinated.
First do no harm. The risk benefit ratio does not support the mandate. 
Statistics show out kids DO NOT NEED this! It needs to be a choice! Stop with the child abuse! 
 I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still in development, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
Why would you want to vax kids when it could cause heart problems and kill them. You know this. Kids are getting covid because their parents are vaxed. And kids will still get covid because this won’t stop it. Please don’t risk lives for money in big pharmas pockets. Are you crazy
Considering that probably no parent has been or will be advised that they are subjecting their child to an experimental treatment, everyone in favour of giving this injection to any person, never mind children, makes themselves liable under the Nuremberg Code. I would think twice before agreeing to recommend the Covid treatment to a child, no matter the age.
Kids do not need to be injected with anything. I oppose the FDA making this available for kids. The percentage is so so so tiny of how the virus effects kids, and they actually have a greater chance of getting injured from the vaccine then from the virus itself. Do not risk this and make this available to children. Please!!! 
Children should not be receiving an EXPERIMENTAL drug that has no long term effects known. PERIOD. 
The data does not support mandating covid 19 vaccines for children. 
Children are not at risk of dying from Covid. The vaccines have proven to not work. Countries with higher percentage of the population fully vaccinated have higher covid case numbers. There is no medical reason to mandate vaccination of children for Covid. It is not necessary. Do not approve this abusive medical experiment on children.
There are too many side effects from the vaccines. Do not mandate them for children. We still live in a free country. Let people make their own health decisions and do not force vaccines on children who do not want them. 
I believe the vaccines are dangerous for young children. A 4 year old girl has died and her sister suffers from a heart ailment now. Young men have been suffering Myocardial Infarction. These vaccines have not gone through a long enough trial period. Please PROTECT OUR CHILDREN. 
Vaccines for Covid-19 have been proven to not work as effectively as we were said to, and therefore they should not be mandated. The evidence shows that people under 20 are not at risk so it makes no sense to introduce/ force a vaccine onto children who stand to gain no material benefit. 
No vaccine mandates!! Should be completely up to the parents and no one else. 
The jig is up. We know that you are corrupt. This is not about the health of our children. Quite the opposite. There is more danger to children from the vaccines than there is from the coronavirus.
This should not be given to children they have a very high survival rate and do not need a drug that can cause more harm than good . This “vaccine “ is harmful 
There is absolutely no need for healthy young children to be vaccinated. They are healthy and their immune systems are not at risk. The vaccine will, by far, do much more damage and harm. This must not be mandated for anyone ...last of all children of ANY age. 
In my opinion Covid vaccines are not necessary for children and most definitely should never be mandated. How do you approve something that the long term effects are unknown? These are children we are talking about, the most innocent among us. Just please stop this 
The data collected over the past year shows that children 4-17yo are HIGHLY UNLIKELY to suffer severe illness or die due to COVID-19. Further, data gathered after vaccinations of 12-18yo’s began, shows adverse reactions to the vaccine to be far more prevalent than actual illness due to COVID. Vaccinating children of ANY age makes absolutely no sense.
Please do not mandate any vaccine! Especially vaccines that are less than 5 years old or less than 5 year of testing. Please especially do not mandate for children! It violates basic human rights! No to any Covid mandates to vaccinate children!!!!
This will absolutely not be happening in our household. These vaccines were rushed and not only that, but children basically have a zero percent risk of dying from covid. My child, my decision. How many children will die from the vaccines? How dare you! What happened to the AMERICA we were built on. Honor and integrity is gone! Shame on you!
Parents are the ultimate decider for what should and should not go in to their children’s bodies!! Medical Freedom! 
This age group is not affected by COVID-19. There’s no reason to mandate a vaccine for this age group. If you approve it now it will disrupt the school year for thousands of kids.
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUNDS FOR AUTHORIZING. 
I strongly oppose mandating the covid vaccine for children because the vaccine poses more of a risk to them than the virus.
This vaccine is entirely too risky for children. It’s considered experimental. We don’t even know the long lasting repercussions on adults. Do not give to a child!!!
5-12 year olds aren’t allowed to get tattoos, because their brain hasn’t fully functioned and should not be able to make permanent changes to their body like that, because they may regret it later in life. Same applies with a vaccine.
Vaccinating children with the experimental jab that has already injured and killed so many is child abuse. Read your own VAERS data!
This mandate would go against everything we have fought for. We are not a communist country. You are about to unlock one of the feistiest groups out there, a bunch of momma bears. We will not comply and YOU will feel the pain. 
I do not support a covid vaccine mandate for any child. It is illegal and against our constitutional rights to mandate this in the first place. Parents have the right to make this choice for their children. 
Children have proven through ongoing statistics to have minute almost unmeasurable risk from Covid virus. It is absolutely derelict to mandate an experimental shot to a demographic that would not benefit and most certainly experience long term detrimental affects!!
Don’t poison our US children! Don’t sterilize our US children! Don’t do what Evil People plan to do to our innocent children!!! Follow REAL FOR SURE TRUE! TRUE! TRUE! SCIENCE! Not Evil plots! Don’t got the shot of serum, which is not a vaccine to innocent children!!!
Mandating an experimental medical treatment on any of our population especially the young kids is criminal. This absurd behavior needs to stop!
Please do not let this mandate happen. This vaccine isn’t safe or effective and children are not super COVID spreaders. Their immune systems already take enough of a hit with all the other vaccines .they receive.Please do NOt allow this to happen!
Stop the process of subjecting young innocent children to an experimental shot that has many VARES reported and I suspect unreported adverse affects. Children are not in danger of dying of this .
My children my choice! How dare you try and choose what’s right for my children! No mandated vaccine. This is or at least WAS a free country! 
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUND FOR AUTHORIZING. 
I am against the vaccine mandate of children. There are two many unknowns and too many serious side effects that can be linked to the covid vaccine in children. I especially worry about the myocarditis since my family already has a history of heart disease. My kids will not be a vaccine guinea pig on something that is so new and has not had nearly enough testing!!
Experiments for children under 13 years old are not allowed by the Nuremberg Code!!! Stop the genocide… 
The ‘science’ has (more than) proven that children are not subject to this virus. Their well being, as well as their mental health, has been overshadowed by your lust for greed, far too long. Our children is where we draw the line, period. Please, do not attempt to force millions of our children to be ‘vaccinated’, from a disease in-which they are not affected by. 
We absolutely do not support the covid vaccine mandates for our children. They are unnecessary and potentially dangerous. Stop the madness!
First do no harm. More 5-11 year olds will suffer and die from vaccine side effects and death than if they got a natural case of Covid. Vaccinated carry high viral load with less symptoms so they are more likely to transmit Covid than unvaccinated children. There is no logical advantage to vaccinating children except to the companies who are profiting from this crime against humanity.
99.99815% survival rate…how is a shot going to improve this survival rate? This shot mandate is total lunacy!
 I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still developing, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults. I will NOT let my children attend to school if this becomes mandatory. Our body our choice. Our children our decision 
Please do not expand vaccine authorization to our precious children until this vaccine has gone through the years of testing required of all vaccines.
I urge the FDA not to approve the the Covid-19 vaccines even for emergency use for children under 12 years old. Please have regard for the welfare of our children who are not in serious danger of harm from this disease. Please keep in mind the professional and public reputation of the FDA. These are difficult times. Please make the right choice. Thank you, Jack Benedict
Children do not get real sick from this Covid 99.98 % safe from getting covid . Let their Immune system alone.
The covid virus has little to NO mortality threat to children so mandating an injection, with no long term studies, is not a move for children’s health or well-being in any way. Teaching and facilitating proper care of an immune system would be a move for health and well being. 
Where is the long term safety of these experimental vaccines, and now you want to inject children. This will go down as one the the greatest public health blunders in history. Do not inject children with experimental vaccines. 
I am opposed to making(forcing) everyone get this vaccine! 
I do not support mandates of any form, especially for such a young children. It’s absolutely unnecessary and unethical!
Immoral and unethical to make children a guinea pig of a vaccine with no reasonable standard record of time of it's safety when it is known that children are naturally immune.The government does not have the authority to mandate vaccines, this is extreme government over reach.
I wish to express that a mandatory vaccination for Covid to any adult or child under the supervision of legal guardian is not acceptable. The annual flu shot is not a required procedure for school attendance and Covid should not be either. If people choose to get vaccinated, they are protecting themselves and each American should have choice. 
This is absolutely NOT OK. Anyone who pushed this through WILL be on trial for crimes against humanity in due time. They/you will not be on the right side of history if injections are pushed onto our children. Judgement will come in this life or the next. 
Children are at no significant risk from COVID . There is no medical reason to vaccinate them. They are at an increased risk of injury from this vaccine. This is unethical.
ONE DAY YOU WILL BE TRIED FOR CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY. You need to be on the right side of history. Not sure any other comment is necessary as you never listen to any if it, 
For a virus that children are essentially I effected by, these shots have HIGH rates of myocarditis and pericarditis. Absolutely no reason for children to be given these experimental drugs. Children should not have to die under the guise of “saving” adults.
I will take full responsibility over my body and my children. I will not let anything like the experimental vaccine going into our bodies. We had the virus. We are fine. 
Please do NOT recommend these covid 19 experimental gene therapy drugs to our children who have virtually no risk of contracting or spreading Covid. Look at the science!!
No. Simply no! Children do not need to be vaccinated. It is not necessary or safe.
DO NOT APPROVE THIS POISON FOR CHILDREN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We do NOT need to vaccinate children for any thing let alone this experimental vaccine which has been known to kill. No one has the right to force this let alone mandate it. Inject your children first if it’s so harmless. 
https://www.authorea.com/users/414448/articles/522499-sars-cov-2-mass-vaccination-urgent-questions-on-vaccine-safety-that-demand-answers-from-international-health-agencies-regulatory-authorities-governments-and-vaccine-developers?commit=123b84611353b243b6d09320ac98cb07db022771
It is a horribly risky practice to experiment on one's children. NO to the "vaccination" of children with what is NOT an FDA approved vaccine. The practice would potentially be expanding the Emergency Use Authorization to include children as young as five. In other words, any mandate for children is of an experimental drug.
Please protect our children from this experimental drug. We all know it may have negative effects on anyone who receives it. Everyone knows or heard of someone who is compromised or dead from taking it. If they don’t, they are lying. Everyone has heard of some they know personally or someone else has told them they know someone. It’s not a Coincidence! Stop the murdering!!!! 
I do not accept this covid 19 vaccine for children 
Please do not approve the COVID vaccine for children. There are too many risks for out. I strongly oppose the approval for the COVID vaccine for children. The risks of the vaccine far outweigh any benefit to it. 
Do not approve a COVID shot/vaccine for 5-11 year old children. There is no justifiable reason to do so when there are known alternative treatments and over a 99% survival rate should it be contracted. 
There is no scientific data showing any advantages of the vaccine to children. They have nearly zero percent chance of death from covid but increased risk of death just from adverse reactions to this vaccine. Pericarditis and Myocarditis at all time highs in teens already. 
I am against forced vaccination. I am for freedom of choice. I am against the vaccine if I do not know what the consequences will be after it.
There is no reason to vaccinate children, the science shows they don't need it, if they get covid, it is usually very mild. The government needs to quit trying to force things on the public that they don't need. It is everyone's personal choice to do what they want to their body. 
I oppose mandates vaccines for any age. We have rights as citizens to refuse any substance in our bodies - pandemic or not! Especially we need to protect our children. They are not dying from COVID- more of them are dying from the experimental vaccine!
See attached file(s) Do not approve the vaccine for children. Myocarditis occured in teenage boys. This should not be given to children. They are better off surviving the infection itself.
God given freedom over our bodies and mandates aren’t laws. Morally wrong.
Making it mandatory for children ages 5 to 11 to get the covid vaccine is the wrong choice. This should be a choice made by parents for their children. There has not been enough testing done to know long term effects on our children. Please do not approve!
The potential benefits of vaccinating children for this virus do not outweigh the risks of children contracting the virus. The survival/recovery rate is far too high for this to be seen as a necessity. 
Vaccinations can be dangerous for a segment of the population and youth are at a very low risk of Covid infection. The past year has proven this. Approve the vaccine, fine but do not advocate as mandatory for these children 5-12. 
Your attacks on our children will not be tolerated. No governing agency has any authority or right to mandate or force these vaccines. We will continue to fight back against the tyranny and protect our children at all costs. Chose wisely. 
Please do not approve the Pfizer vaccine for 5-11 year olds. 
I disagree with the Covid vaccine being administered to children. Their bodies are still in development and this vaccine has not had time to be adequately tested as other vaccines. There is no liability on the vaccine maker’s part. I am against any requirement for our children. 
Approving this shot for children is a total embarrassment and complete reflection of where we are in society today.Money trumps good sense and moral and ethical values. The risks of taking a shot clearly outweigh the benefits with this age group.Who is going to stand up for the children of the world and protect their health over the greedy pharma companies agenda? 
Chairman Monto, VRBPAC Members, FDA Staff, Please do not vote to authorize the use of this experimental vaccine on children 5-11. Do not put our young children, our future generation at risk from an experiemental injection. Please consider your actions very carefully, the potential risks do not outweigh the non-existent benefits.
The covid mrna jab is not fully studied. It will take decades to know how it will negatively effect the population and especially children. My child will not be a science experiment! Quit practicing medicine without any common sense! You have the responsibility of protecting the health of the human race. If you approve this injection you will be destroying the health and DNA of millions!
I am 100% against any child getting the COVID-19 vaccine, let alone being mandated to do so. There is no scientific data that shows transmission of COVID-19 from children to others. Any such mandate goes against our U.S. Constitution and the Nuremberg Code.
There has been no safety data about this vaccine released to the public. The available data in vaers shows alarming safety signals for death and other serious side effects. This population is not in any risk of COVID-19 and it would be reckless to allow its use without further studies. 
Not ecceptable for children any age .. and we as a people should have a choice. 
I am against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children at this time. The benefits do not outweigh the risks. Children are at very low risk of getting severe COVID or of dying from COVID. Data is showing COVID vaccines are posing risk to teens and young adults. Additionally, there are unknown risks, which we will know only in time.
Nothing she be mandated this should be a parents choice!!
I am writing in to say I do not believe in the COVID vaccine for children. I don’t believe that vaccine for anyone really. there’s not enough studies on it I believe it can do harm. natural immunity’s are better than this vaccination. It needs to stop. It is not a law and it’s unconstitutional to force someone to get the vaccine. 
Injecting the children with experimental chemicals is a crime against humanity, they are our future. There are close to no reports of the children being effected physically by this virus.
Look at the data in the UK and Israel. The vaccine doesn't stop the spread and my kids risk is equivalent to being stuck by lightning. The pitch for the vaccine from Fauci, Walensky and Biden has changed significantly since in the last six months. My kids do not need to be a part of a medicine we are still learning about.
This is ridiculous, I don't want you involved in my children's healthcare. Stay out of it.
That will be a giant sized NO for children being mandated to take an EUA vaccine 
I do not want forced vaccines given to children, given the statistics of the effects of covid on them, and very short term studies of the effects on them. It’s highly unethical and should be solely authorized by the parents of the child.
Please DO NOT mandate vaccines for children. Follow your heart and do what is best for our children. Thank you.
Absolutely opposed to mandated shots for kids. Decision needs to be made by mother and father. Too much government interference!!
There is no reason to administer these to our children when only 370 children have died from Covid, the damage that you do to their bodies will last a lifetime. Makes us wonder if this all has to do with money???? There is no proven long term time record for these tests in children. There is no proof that there is not significant damage over time. 
This brings me to the Nuremberg Code 1947. I will not let my kids to participate in who knows what kind experiment they are doing all over the world. Why are you making vaccine for healthy people? When your focus should be on making medicine for sick. Their is no No proof that These cov-19 vaccines are really working. It's shown otherwise. DEFINITELY NO COVID-19 VACCINE FOR KIDS!
Young children should not be vaccinated. At their tender age their bodies are not equipped to deal with the vaccine. It will do them more harm than good. Please Protect them!
This is absolute tyranny + will not be condoned by the American people. These injections have been shown to have deadly side effects + should not be given to children.
I adamantly stand against giving our children this untested gene therapy. These are not vaccinations and I do not want our children to be part of this global experiment.
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
The risk benefit analysis needs to be better analyzed, according to the data, children are at extremely low risk for severe outcomes for COVID therefore the risk of vaccine reactions may outweigh the perceived benefits
Do not give permission for this experimental Gene altering drug to anyone, ESPECIALLY the babies. It will be considered murder. Dr Ardis has shown how hospital and doctors are being forced or lose their job to kill people with a protocols that harm more than help. Ivermictin has trice the cure rate. Please say no.
Under 18 are the least vulnerable of our population. 513 deaths under 18 according to the CDC. Why would we require this for this age group? In fact, under 50k deaths out of a population of 330 million for people under 50 years of age. Again why would we require it for this age group? 
The risk factor of covid is so low that it does not stand to reason that we should require a vaccine that has yet to have long term results to evaluate. We should not force something on children that could alter their future. Let's put children before ourselves and protect their freedom and the freedom of their parents. A vaccine is unneccessary for them and potentially harmful. 
There is absolutely no reason that children should be receiving the Covid vaccines. The risk of Covid is minimal to this age group and the vaccines pose a much greater risk of harm and death to them than the actual virus.
Vaccines are dangerous and unethical. Why should the kids be vaccinated if they are at low risk to contract covid. 
people who care about their health and study it are sick of being marginalized. our children are our responsibility, as well as our health. do your constitutional duty to protect our rights and freedom or get voted out. I know you think that won't happen because of the software but it will happen regardless. also, you should allow video mp4s to be attached that would help inform you of facts.
Vaccinating children for a disease that has no impact to their health is immoral unethical and doctors that go along with this are committing crimes against humanity. 
Study out of Israel supports that people who recover from COVID have 7x more antibodies than the vaccinated, since children have such a low rate of serious infection, natural immunity should be preferred over the vaccine.
No one has the right to tell a parent what they can and cannot do to their child when it comes to vaccines. That is the right and choice if the parents to do that. The government is overstepping their bounds when they tells us we have to do stuff, like vaccines and they don’t have that right.
Hello. I oppose vaccinating children with any of the current Covid-19 vaccines. The CDC's published data clearly shows that children under 17 have, statistically,ZERO risk of death by Covid-19. On the other hand, there is evidence that children could suffer from Myocarditus as the direct result of the vaccination. 
I completely disagree with the CDC recommendation to inject children ages 5 to 11 with the COVID vaccines. This is a population that has virtually no risk of contracting the disease. Please REJECT this misguided recommendation. Thank you.
Hi there. It is my understanding that the is next to no risk of children 5-11 either contracting or dying from SARSCOV2; therefore I believe that the Pfizer EUA vaccine should not be expanded to children as young as 5 or older. Or younger.
COVID 19 shots are experimental and are not a vaccine as they do not prevent illness. To force them on our kids is unethical, illegal, unconstitutional and have have been proven to cause death and serious side effects. Any and all guilty parties will be held legally responsible.
DO NOT AUTHORIZE ANY COVID-19 INJECTIONS, ESPECIALLY FOR CHILDREN! THE VIRUS HAS A 99% RECOVERY, only a 0.0007% fatality in children in America! That is NO GROUND FOR AUTHORIZATION!!! STOP THIS GOVERNMENT-CONTROLLING MADNESS!
I am asking you to vote no on Pfizer’s EUA application for children 5-11. Pfizer’s vaccine has not demonstrated any health benefits for this age group and the risks out way the benefits.
I am very much against any vaccine mandates, especially for kids. The vaccine has killed more kids than covid. Vaccines are also against my religion and that covers my kids also. Are you going to be held liable for all of the deaths and injuries? Show me the science. Drs are recommending against vaccinating the kids.
This should be a parental decision, not the governments. Children are at little to no risk of this sickness. Especially with an unproven profalactic therapeutic. 
Please DO NOT authorize any covid vaccines for children. Children do NOT need this experimental vaccines to stay healthy.
Vaccinating children is a VERY BAD idea, when this disease has an extremely extremely low death rate in kids. Most children get through it with ease. Think Nuremberg -type criminality! 
This is stupid idea. I thought you guys followed the science, Science does not support this in any way. 
This is a new drug and comes with risk. When there is risk there must always be choice! 
Since young people are very unlikely to have adverse affects from the Chinese Communist Party virus, do not approve any of the genetically modified jab substances for use with youngsters. The jab substances are far worse than virus.
I urge you not to allow the passing of covid vaccinations for children ages 5-11. The vaccine hasn’t been properly tested and children are the least affected population when it comes to covid. Pathetic natural immune system is enough for kids to fight off this disease. Please do not approve the vaccination and please do not mandate it!
Children are not at significant risk of dying or spreading this virus and should not be exposed to a experimental vaccine with less than 2 years of research and testing. 
The vaccine has had too many terrible side effects to warrant giving it to young children who rarely succumb to Covid-19. Protect the children from this dangerous injection. Do not approve this for children younger than 12. 
Please don’t mandate the COVID vaccine for children or for that matter anyone. Please make it a choice. Remember Karma! 
Please leave the children alone. Do not force them to have these new shots. Wait. Just wait. 
Government should not be involved in mandating vaccines 
It is with deep concern that I must ask that the FDA to dismiss the proposed “mandate to vaccinate our Nation’s children with the COVID-19 injection. I personally know individuals who were fully vaccinated and later became hospitalized with COVID. And, shortly after their vaccination, their spouse came down with COVID (and she had not left their home for months).
We are asking the VRBPAC to oppose amending the Pfizer vaccine's emergency use authorization for American children between the ages of 5 and 11.Not enough testing has been done on this drug for ANY AGE GROUP, much less the children of our land! 
The children of our society need to be able to naturally fight off communicable diseases. Vaccinations are not always the best choice. The children before this generation survived and so will these kids. Don’t force parents to vaccinate for Covid. It is not morally right, and we as the parents need to have a voice for our children.
Should always be our parents personal choice for this vaccine. Not proof that children need this vaccine. Stop infringing on our rights! 
Children should not be subject to a vaccine that is supposed to squelch covid that has a survival rate of 99,7 in the non risk groups. Actually nobody should. Let the disease run through the herd and it will be done with. 
No no no to vacs for children, especially Covid, they have natural immunity! Follow tge science not political clout!,,
I am strongly against the Covid 19 vaccine being mandated for children. As with any other vaccine, it should be the sole decision of the parents on whether they choose to vaccinate their children or not. This country was not nicknamed “the land of the free” in order for the government to dictate and tell us what we should or should not do. Let the parents decide what is best for their children. 
Experimental vaccines should not be mandated for children. The parents have the choice of whether or not to vaccinate.
Please go back to normal wait times for vaccine approval before approving this for kids. 
I write this message to urge you to vote no on the approval of covid vaccines on children. I am a mother of two girls which are 5 and 7 years old. They’re healthy fun happy girls and I would not want to risk that on a vaccine that has not been thoroughly evaluated. Please do not authorize its medical use on children. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
Do not approve of this for children!!! The risk of taking the shot FAR outweighs the risk of this age group actually getting covid. These vaccines are not preventing transmission, so why the rush??? There needs to be long-term data for EVERY vaccine. DO NOT RISK A CHILD'S LIFE!There are Pfizer scientists on video saying children should not be vaccinated for covid 19! I am STRONGLY AGAINST this!!!
It is absolutely absurd that our government wants to mandate Covid vaccinations for our children. As a parent, it is my duty to advocate for my own children. It is said best as “where there is a risk, there should be choice”. My choice is NO!
Say "NO" to these vaccines, really injections for 5-11 year olds. Please....this is such a horrible measure. NO to jabs for children!!!
It is not needed for children. They have a 99.99% survival rate. The vaccine can and will leave them with adverse side effects. It will do more damage to them. They will be better off without it. The survival rate of natural immunity is much better. Children do not need a vaccine. It will harm them. Thank you. 
Our bodies, our choice. Do your jobs as you are told. It’s not the other way around. Vaccines are harmful and you all know it. This is a lie and you all know it. Wake up and quit contributing to the genocide of humanity. No unconstitutional mandates. Quit contributing to the lies. All governments are public servants not dictators. The people have spoken, our bodies our choices. 
My children have had Covid and recovered within a few days - less symptoms than the annual flu. Please wait on mandatory vaccination until further studies can prove their validity and safety. Why approve it only to possibly hurt children and then have to remive the drug. Please wait!
For the sake of all children, please do NOT mandate the Covid vaccine for aged 5-11. Considering the fact that most do not get sick, why would you subject them to a vaccine that has not been totally FDA approved ( long term evaluation)?? The possible ill effects can be life and lifetime altering.
Please do not approve these, for the greater good! Given the inherently low risk COVID poses to children, potential COVID shot side-effects, and the fact that the COVID shots have not been substantially proven to reduce spread - there is absolutely no reason to be giving this shot to children. You are destroying your organization's reputation and trust. 
I am totally against vaccinating young children. The risk is too great given the low risk to children from covid. Not enough testing is being done.
Do Not mandate Vaccines for children, please! They are not one-size fits all, and each family needs to decide based on their own needs and risks. There have been way too many side effects in adults and also in teens that have received the vaccines. They are scary. Also, mandates violate our US Constitution. 
Leave our children alone-we want focused protection for all children
To whom it may concern; please hold on to vaccinating young children,The vaccine has been proven to have major side effect on adults.Please if you can wait till more studies are done.
Approving a vaccine and mandating it for a subset of the population that isn’t at risks for the illness it’s purported to treat is a form of malpractice. We are not in the midst of a public health emergency. Until we have full surveillance of health outcomes (proper animal testing) we need to protect the young in our population. No vaccine for kids! 
We are not comfortable in mandating vaccine for our kids . Kindly donot mandate it as it is our free will choice. 
I do not agree with giving this new vaccine to the children of America. They are at such low risk any ways to risk giving the children the vaccine that can do more harm than good at this point. Please advise not to vaccinate the young.
Please I beg you! Let it be a parental decision not a governmental decision whether my children and grandchildren receive a vaccine! We live in a free country, please keep it a FREE COUNTRY! What is happening to our liberties!!!!
I am completely against COVID vaccines being mandated for children, and anyone for that matter. The mortality rate is next to nothing for children without pre-existing medical conditions, therefore there is no need to mandate a vaccine that is posing greater harm then the virus itself. 
Please don't subject children to the poisonous vaccines. They have an immune system to fight the virus. 
I do not want the vaccines for children 5-11 until further research and testing has been done. There are too many side effects that have not been thoroughly researched and resolved. Children are the most vulnerable population and I want the government to stop this nonsense of going forward with a vaccine that provides fewer benefits than natural immunity.
It would be impossible to ignore the adverse reactions happening in great numbers to adults there is no doubt that the same adverse reactions would continue in children. They are not even a demographic who are catching covid and becoming seriously ill with covid. There seems to be no medical reasoning why vaccines should be given to children. I oppose vehemently to vaccines given to children
It is so maddening to see this possibly being pushed on our children, it is unnecessary and the possible side effects are still unknown. Please rethink pushing this on our children. 
NO MANDATE!!! Everyone involved in this is guilty of Crimes Against Himanity!!!
Absolutely no vaccines for children. They have been proven to be dangerous for teens and adults. The virus is over 99% recoverable for children. Please, stop this madness in our country. No one trusts the FDA anymore. 
Children have strong, growing bodies. They are less prone to expire from a virus that yield little threat to young bodies. No covid mandates for children. They don't need it.
It’s unfathomable that we would mandate vaccines in children that have not been tested thoroughly and for a virus that has less than a 1% chance of recovery for our little ones. It seems like child abuse and like a dictatorship to do so. So, I ask you…is this the land of the free or not? 
I'm very much against managing children take this experimental drug
I am against government mandates on untested vaccines and or mandates concerning children. When this vaccine was first discussed, women of childbearing age were advised to not take it, now they’re being forced or lose a job, or not able to attend school. We know the shot doesn’t prevent the virus, please reconsider your unlawful actions.
No to mandated Covid vax for children. Not necessary and there should always be freedom of choice and informed consent. Decision is between parents and physician and what they deem best. This is about control, not health. 
NO to EUA status for the covid19 vaccination to children 5-12! NO experimental injections to our children! They have virtually no risk of having complications from covid19. They need healthy immune system for the whole life! 
Young children do not need this vaccine. We have 20 months of data showing they are at negligible risk of contracting or spreading Covid-19. Long-term consequences of the novel mRNA vaccines are still unknown. 
I object !!!My familly and I will not agree to do any vaccine and no test especially not my kids! You R Crazyyyyy!!!
This is not a vaccine and should not be a mandatory 
Making this mandatory is ridiculous. Children should not have a mandate on vaccines and parents SHOULD be able to choose what they feel is right. Not what the fda chooses is right for them and their child. Every child’s needs are different and every parent knows what is right and wrong for their own kids. Please consider the right to choose here. 
This shot should not be mandated for children. They have almost zero risk of dying from covid and we don't know the long term risks of this experimental vaccine. Leave our kids alone!
No shots for the children, research and you will find out children’s inmune system is very strong. Don’t believe everything the CDC says do tour own research.
Do not authorize this injection for children. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is NO GROUND FOR AUTHORIZING! 
You can mandate what you like, The fact is.. You're wasting your time. So very few will go for this as most people are now wide awake to your agenda. You only have to look at the poor uptake on the boosters and the 12-18yo range of people. Your game is almost over. Oh, and Karma's a b****
Fuck you china Joe! Mandate all you want but I will never comply and there are plenty of others right behind me. Satanic fucks. 
There is no need to make a vaccine for children against covid, when they have a 99.8% survival rate. There are no long term studies for this vaccine, and it is just awful to inject children without knowing the long term side effects. 
Please don’t even consider making it ok for kids to get vaccinated. The data is dismal at best for adults. This would screw up and entire generation. I’m easy you can’t quantify……I’m officially against this action. 
As a parent I am concerned about issue of an Emergency Use Authorization of the covid vaccine for children ages 5-12. I oppose since the statistics show a high recovery rate. Thank you.
It is wrong and should not be allowed for the government in this country to take over a decision that should be left up to the parents of any child on the health and well being of our children to be our choice on giving medical treatments .
There is not nearly enough long term research to mandate this covid vaccine for children. Who will be held responsible if disastrous health issues come up later on, such as myocarditis as we have already seen. Please do not mandate this experimental drug on children who are barely affected by this virus. Thank you 
Please BLOCK Covid - 19 vaccination for kids under 18 years old and DENY approval for kids under 12! Save the kids! Stop the injury and harm! 
Dr. Harvey Risch and Dr. McCullough do not recommend vaccines fr children..can be treated by monoclonal infusion...ivermectin..hydroxychloroquinn drugs that work if infected w covidThis administration is trying to kill us all.. flip flop Fauci one of themMany people wldbdtill be alive today if the had been treated w these drugs..This administration is trying to kill
This vax needs to be halted! Immediately! Why are you playing God with our DNA/RNA?? Enough! Just NO!! Too many have already died!! 
I am totally opposed to mandating Covid 19 vaccinations for children age 5-11. There is no need for this action and you will be subjecting them to so many unknown side effects. 
We’ve personally had one death and two more family members with severe side affects from the COVID vaccination, my 66 year old mom died in her sleep just two nights after receiving her second part to her vaccination,we have had COVID and the illnes is by a long shot less deadly then the vaccine for our family and we will do anything we have to to remain unvaccinated 
Children overwhelmingly don’t catch, spread, have severe illness or die from Covid. They do not need a vaccine for it. Since the vaccine does not stop the spread, we adults do not need for them to take it. The risk does not outweigh any perceived reward. Just say no to COVID vaccines for children. 
No!!! No vaccination for 5-11 year olds. Stop hurting our children.
I am concerned about giving the COVID-19 vaccines to our kids 5-11 years old. They are not affected by Covid and they are still developing and I do not think they should be given these experimental vaccines. They have not been approved yet and I know many, many adults who have had adverse reactions to the vaccines. Please not do not do this to our kids. They do not have a voice for themselves yet.
My children will not receive a vaccine where they have a higher Irish do getting myocarditis than the incidence of severe illness from the actual vaccine. Look at the data. Children are safe. And most have already been “ill” with this disease ready and are now recovered with natural antibodies. 
If the mandated vaccines actually worked, with few side effects, and without the need for being redone every 8 to 9 months, then maybe there would be some validity to the draconian, over-bearing forced submission. This is wrong in a free society, and the suppression of actual data regarding negative reactions is a crime.
I oppose using this vaccine on children that are at no or little risk of contracting Covid and even less of dying from it. Especially on an experimental basis. This will only lead to mandatory vaccination for children which based on current statistics will produce more adverse outcomes the Covid ever would.
I am writing to you to implore you to STOP the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine! This is an EXPERIMENTAL UNNECESSARY treatment. Leave our children alone! 
Please protect children ages 5 to 11, and do not support Covid vaccination for this age group. They should not be sacrificed for the health of older people.
Vaccine mandates are immoral and against The Nuremberg Code. https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/nejm199711133372006 I will NOT be experimented upon and refuse to allow my children be experimented upon. These vaccines are not safe as evident with the number of VAERS reports which have skyrocketed since the vaccines were rolled out and the effectiveness is declining by all reports.
My children will not be an experiment. There is no chance they will be injected with anything. Leave them alone. 
AGAINST VACCINATING OUR CHILDREN!!! NO, NO, NO!!!
Do not allow the children of the world to get the poison jab. Their immune systems should be allowed to grow naturally especially when there are NO long term effect studies of what this vax does to adults, let alone children.
I am watching the VAERS numbers. DO NOT approve the Covid Vaccine for kids. They are not test subjects. Kids are dying and having adverse reactions that will harm them for life. When the cure is worse then the disease you need to stop. Natural immunity is better than the vaccine for our kids. Approving this vaccine for kids means you are culpable in the murder of every child who dies.
I do not want my children given a vaccination that we have no idea what will do to their health in the future. These are my kids, and I feel that as their parent I should be able to make the decision of when to vaccinate them for something that isn't even effecting children. 
 The survival rate for unvaccinated 0-19 year olds who may catch Covid-19 is 99.9973% (death rate 0.0027%). For 19-29 yr olds, the survival rate is 99.986% (death rate 0.014%Please do not approve it for children. The risk is much higher tben the return. Its immoral & not scientifically sound! 
You DO NOT have the right to say what my children or myself have to inject into our bodies. Mandating this shot for children is child abuse. 
I am a concerned parent of a 7 year old and 6 month old. I had myocarditis at 21 years old. Who knows what disposition me and my children have to that. I am against mandating the COVID-19 vaccine for my children.
Are you kidding? Please do not give untested vaccines to childresb. You’ve already ahowThey don’t stop COVID and children have virtually no change of being garmed by COVID. So why approve it? Just to make money? Please do not approve the COVID vaccines for children.
If children are harmed from the mandated vaccine, who is legally responsible for the injury?
Please do not use experimental drugs and vaccinations on children! There are other ways to treat them and they do not have the same impact from Covid as adults.
This age group has an extremely low risk of fatality from Covid-19, and an extremely high risk of complications from the vaccine. It makes sense not to vaccinate this age group. Please save our children and the future of America. Do not mandate vaccines for Kids Ages 5-11. Thank you.
We should have the right to choose whether or not to inject this covid 19 vaccine into our children’s bodies, this vaccine could possibly ruin their future!!! Parents should call the shots when it comes to their kids health! 
I urge not to approve covid vaccine for young children 5-11. Not enough testing! Children have a way less than 1% chance of dying from covid. Unneeded. With a large survival rate like that, it’s ALL RISK to kids. Please no. 
DO NOT approve the COVID vaccine for children under 11! The survival rate for anyone contracting this virus is over 99.9%, therefore there is no need for this shot for anyone! Especially not for young children who are still growing and developing. Let their immune systems mature!
Do not mandate Covid vaccines for children. They are in the lowest threat group and are generally able to fight it off easily, there is no need. Parents are outraged, you will cross a line and children will be pulled from schools. You will lose millions in revenue for the school system. Parents are FURIOUS! This violates our constitutional rights and the Nuremberg code! 
I strongly believe the only way to end the pandemic is vaccination of everyone, including and especially children. If there are unprotected "spreaders" Covid-19 will continue to spread.
http://revelationscriptures.com/revelation-18-23-babylons-pahamakeia/ Nothing else needs to be explained. 
Children are unaffected by COVID-19. According to many FDA advisors who presented on 9/17/2021, the efficacy and safety of the vaccines is questionable for adults. In no way do children need to take an experimental mRNA gene therapy for a virus which has ZERO statistical risk for them. This decision would be immoral.
This is absurd. Fit once through this- have some integrity and protect children from this drug that we have NO idea long term effects! 
The science does not support this vaccine in young children. 
I do not support any covid 19 vaccine for our children. I, myself, have no been vaccinated with the covid 19 vaccine. I do not believe we the people should be your test subjects. There is not enough research to ensure it is safe for our children. There is no research on long term effects of the vaccine. 
I am completely opposed to anyone being forced to get an experimental shot, most importantly our children!! Stop perpetuating this madness, stop inflicting these ridiculous rules on Americans. 
I do not agree with 5-11 childhood COVID vaccinations. This group does not have a significant statistical risk from the COVID 19. There needs to be a medical benefit from vaccination that outweighs the potential risks of the vaccine injury. Studies have failed to demonstrate this medical necessity. 
” One study found that “99.995% of the 469,982 children in England who were infected during the year examined by researchers survived.” so why mandate.
I believe it is absolutely criminal to vaccinate our young children against Covid! They are not at any risk from this sickness and can recover very easily on their own and do not need an unproven drug to help them. Nobody should be forced to partake of this experimental medical procedure. The government is being extremely coercive in this entire matter!
There is no reason to inject children with this experimental gene therapy. We do not need to ruin their future health when they are perfectly equipped with robust immune systems. We don’t need one more Maddie… https://vimeo.com/638197470
Stop the mandate, let’s have freedom of choice for our children and staff 
This is a comment AGAINST the 5-11 year old EUA. Experimenting on our children is not acceptable, and parents should have the final say regardless. Vaccines have been paused in other countries due to potential side effects. This isn't political. We should wait until all the data is in regarding what these vaccines do before giving them to our children (our future). Thank you.
Resolve the adverse events before approval of any “vaccine “
I think healthy children should not be given an experimental, emergency use authorization vaccine of any kind, or adults as far as that goes. 
Do NOT mandate the experimental covi2 vaccines for young children starting at 5 yrs old, this is unconstitutional 
I am writing to let you know that a vaccine mandate for 5-12 year olds is not justified & creates a serious danger to our children’s health and future. There is not enough research to warrant this drastic measure. It is a dangerous step - it must not be approved. 
My children is not lab rats. If the covid vaccine is mandated thousands of parents will pull there kids from public schools. I am one of those parents. 
please no drugs injected into young children, let them live normally.
The choices I make to my body and health as well as my children’s health should be left to their parents. Never the government especially on something that has no trials to prove long term side affects much less going against religious beliefs. God help us 
Regulating a vaccine for children 5-11 is not going to end the pandemic. Research has shown that children get less sick and for less amount of time than adults. More children have died in car accidents during this whole 18 month pandemic. This vaccine rollout has not had enough time to study the long-term effects of adults let alone our children. 
Evidence proves children are at greater risk from taking the jab than acquiring covid. They also do not transmit the disease rather acquire it from adults. NO covid jabs for children, full stop
Please do NOT mandate Covid vaccinations for our children! We need more trials, more data, and more time before parents can make an informed decision for their children. Please DO NOT mandate a Covid vaccine for children! 
Fda 2021-n-1088 Do not mandate these experimental injections. They are a danger to our children and adults. 
Totally against children of ANY age being mandated to have this vax 
Forcing experimental “vaccines” on children is a crime for which no punishment is good enough. Anyone considering this is reckless if not down right evil. Stop letting money and fear mongering cloud your vision. NO to mandatory covid vaccines for ANYONE! ESPECIALLY children. Shame on you for even considering it. 
It is tyranny to mandate these. Where there is risk there must be choice!! These vaccine companies cannot be sued in case of adverse reactions. Where there is risk there must be choice. Children recover from Covid without major issues. Leave our youth alone!
Absolutely not! You will not force vaccinate my children. This drug has too many side effects ad has killed thousands of people no matter what you say. The last time I checked, we still had freedom of choice in this nation, so I choose not to have my kids take the death jab, thank you very much
I strongly oppose this being forced onto the kids. It is not ready and hasn’t had enough time for parents to feel comfortable with this being forced. Please do not rush this process. 
Please do not mandate covid vaccines for children. The science shows they have a .00013% chance of being negatively impacted from the virus. The vaccines are dangerous and will do more harm. Please put children before big pharmacy financial greed. The risk of Myocarditis and death is too high. Please protect children and do not force this unnecessary vaccine 
To whom it may concern,I am writing to strongly recommend against using these shots on young children. There is a great deal of evidence of the serious risks that they pose, and efficacy is limited to nonexistent. Do not move forward with pushing these on children.
Our children do NOT need your poison in their bodies.
Why would we mandate a vaccine that has a higher chance of affecting our children than the virus itself? Please be an American first when deciding things for Americans. 
HOW DARE THE FDA DECIDE FOR PARENTS IF A CHILD SHOULD GET AN EXPERIMENTAL SHOT. IT HAS ONLY BEEN OUT FOR LESS THAN A YEAR, REGARDLESS IF THE " technology is not new". Children pose NO risk in COVID 19 and we will sooner take our kids out of school than be told to give a shot . We live in Americs and have freedom of speech. Religion, etc
Natural Immunity is the real immunity. Kids aren’t dying from Covid. There is no emergency there or with most adults either. Govt should teach lifestyle as first defense instead of fear. Teach kids to eat and live well. The public doesn’t trust the govt or pharma. The censoring is awful, and the liability free products prevent Pharma from having concern for safety. USFreedomFlyers org
Enough is enough! Stop with the mandates and stop forcing healthy kids to get another unwanted and not needed vaccine!
They are unnecessary and can cause more harm than good.
As a Registered Nurse, I find it very disturbing that the fda is considering an emergency use experimental vaccine on our children. Please do not recommend it’s use on children. The data doesn’t support it. 
There is no reason to put children at risk by administering toxic, experimental, unproven, and unapproved injections in them. There is however A LOT of evidence that their chances of getting covid or not being able to recover quickly and heal from it are miniscule. Also, it is not the choice of the government or non-government business to decide for children.
Please stand for our freedom, and refuse to mandate the covid vaccine for children! We deserve the right to make our own medical decisions and to refuse a vaccination with such limited tested and questionable effectiveness. Give me freedom or give me death!
Do not mandate covid shots for children aged 5 and above. Adults have serious injury and death. These shots have not bren thoroughly vetted, you don’t know long term complications. 
The FDA cannot authorize or approve a medical product in a population unless the benefits outweigh the risks in that same population.
Please do not approve these experimental vaccines for children. Our Children are not lab rats!!!! 
Children should NOT be vaccinated. COVID 19 does not cause severe symptoms in children and vaccine safety has not been tested. Do not experiment on our children. 
We don’t know much of what’s happening to our bodies with the vaccine in the future , we choose to do it or not the kids rely on their parents or caregivers to make decisions for them , we need to protect them , when they get older and can make their own decisions that’s when they should or not get the vaccine 
Do not approve this COVID vaccine for children! It has not completed clinical trials and it would be irresponsible to endanger our children with a COVID vaccine when you don't know the long term impact it would have on our children.
Vaccines for children must be considered guilty until proven innocent. As approval for covid vaccines for 5-11 year olds is pending, please share the science behind the risk/benefit ratio of the vaccine for this age group that you are using. The benefit must outweigh the risks for our children.Thank you.
EUA drugs absolutely should not be administered to children. They have a low transmission rate, over 99% recovery rate and the shot has proven to be more harmful to kids than the virus. More studies and time is needed. 
It is unconscionable that you would experiment on children with a vaccine that has not had year's of proven non-adverse concerns in adults. It is child abuse and I stand against it.
Government has no right deciding what is best for my children. As health care providers and parents we are well informed to make decisions regarding the health of our family. 
Please do not mandate vaccinations for children 5-11. They have not been a high risk group for covid and is in not appropriate. This vaccination is still essentially in clinical trials and should not be tested on children.
Strongly disagree to require a vaccine, making anyone, especially children to inject anything into their bodies, especially this one! God created us with natural immunities! They work way better! Do the research!
Let our children be children and build their own natural immune systems, it’s already been proven that the experimental injections don’t work! If they did there would be no need for boosters. There are also 1000’s of adverse reactions on the gov yellow card site. Look at these before you condemn these babies to injury or death.Children DO NOT NEED THESE INJECTIONS
Clearly a violation of Nuremburg Code as well as the Constitution of the Republic of the United States of America. I know of more people harmed than benefitted. It's getting harder and harder to hide these facts.
I am opposed to the approval of COVID vaccinations in children. There has been proven to be little risk associated with the COVID-19 virus to children. The risk of vaccination is greater than the risk of serious illness or death from COVID. 
vaccines should not be “mandated” for children 5-12 in any public school. There should be informed consent from parents as well as the children. 
DO NOT under any circumstances administer these “vaccines” to the children in this age group!
To the FDA, please our children from the age of 5yrs.to11yrs. do not require at this time to be vaccinated. there is a lot of information about this through the studies that Dr. Ardis out of Texas has given all to look up and examine. Please look at Thedrardisshow.com there you will find 100% fact info on COVID 19. Please take time for your selves to look and learn. Rudy Carrizales
Please do not approve the use of the COVID-19 injection in children. We all know children are at extremely low risk from COVID complications and the vaccine has shown to cause dangerous heart damage in young people. Please choose to protect our children from this unnecessary injection.
Stop the nonsense! This has nothing to do w health and everyone knows it.
You know this is a terrible idea. I don't need to explain it.Is it time to defund the FDA?
Vaccines should be optional. It is up to the parent and /or child whether they want to inject something into their bodies. If covid-19 vaccinations become mandatory for children to attend school, I will pull my children from the public school system.
Thanks to our Canadian Government our freedoms are getting ripped from us. We have a right to choose what we put in our bodies. These mandates and passports need to stop. Our body our choice. 
I am 100% opposed to children being required to have this vaccine. It is unnecessary, unproven and unAmerican. 
Please do not approve covid vaccines for 5 and up. The risk mitigation for this age group is zero. There is nothing to gain by inoculations for this group. The long term effects are not yet known. Children are out most valuable asset as a society and we need them to be healthy. I do not belive a covid vaccine is the way to do this. Please leave our children alone. 
I oppose the approval of this covid vaccine on children. Children recover from it much quicker and have less severe than adults Young boys have developed myocarditis after having the mRNA vaccines. 
I am not comfortable with giving my child an inoculation that has only been tested for 2 months AT ALL.It's still experimental until 2023 even for adults. Guarantee my kids can have children and no possible consequences including heart attack at 5 trs old!
Please, please, please, think with your brain and your hearts. This vaccination is BEYOND OBSERD to be given to children. DO NOT MAKE THEM YOUR SCIENCE EXPERIMENTS!!! THERE IS NO JUST CAUSE! It will do SO MUCH MORE HARM THAN GOOD!!!
It is our God given right to say what goes in our body. Just like being nonconsensually sexually penetrated is violating a human, so is this violating a human. This is immoral. If uyou ACTUALLY follow science, it proves that natural immunity is better than anything you are trying to push on us. There's no true science behind a mask or vaccine. It's all about a control of the masses
Children have virtually no risk of covid, but with all vaccines there are risk. We do not know the long term risk of covid shots. We must protect individuals rights to make their own decisions.
We do not know the long term outcomes for children. Please do not approve this vaccine for children.
This should never be approved for children without long term (for many years) studies. 
Stop this madness! I oppose mandates in general and this one in particular. The American public has had enough, you can bet your jobs on it; all elected officials, from both parties, are being observed closely and any who support this insanity will forfeit their jobs…..they will not be re-elected….. count on it!…period!
As a mother of children that are not fully developed, forcing them to partake in the experimental vaccine mandate is wrong. I refuse to vaccinate my child and will homeschool them if need be.
I'm not ok with anyone but myself and husband making the choice on my children having the vaccine. They are our children not yours please let us make our choices on what is put into our children's body! STOP 
I believe, at this time, the risk to children outweighs any benefit. The current, available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOT support administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children, who have virtually no risk from COVID-19, yet face known and unknown risks from the vaccines.
The chances of dying for these young American's is zero point zero.Stop this medical tyranny now. Africa no mask no clot shots, No Covid. Whistleblower site Projectveritas.com This is Madness Humanism stealing humanity. Shame on you.
It should be everyone's own choice whether they want to take this experimental vaccine or not.Not be forced to.Human beings have free will
This is way beyond health, and all about control. Never have we ever in America forced/coerced vaccination. 
I believe it to be irresponsible to give an injection to children that has no safety data, especially for long term side effects. 
Vaccines can not be mandated this is a personel decision and our Constitutional RIGHT to oppose. It is dividing our country, we need to be united or we will look weak to other countries. Please stop the madness, especially with our children. Parents have the right to choose for their children not the government. Please please do the right thing, thank you!!!!
All Pharma vaccines are nefarious, and do not impart health. The newer mrna vaccines are much worse and all for profit and control. Stop or kill any mandatory vaxxer for truth, justice, safety, health, and freedom.
Unethical and unnecessary to approve this on children. Please preserve the health of these kids!
I find it very difficult to believe that you are even considering giving this inoculation to 5-11 year olds. Children 12-18 are having very serious heart issues with these and even death. Since the rate of death for Covid is nearly ZERO for children in this age group, I would think your vote would and should be a big NO!
I consider it criminal to approve an experimental vaccine upon a vulnerable population (ages 4-11) when they are not at a reasonable risk of severe responses to covid 19. Since long term affects of the vaccine are not known, how could approving the vaccine for that age group be considered a responsible decision.It isn't!! It should not be approved.
Do not mandate vaccines for children of any age. It should be the choice of the patents. 
The vaccine should not be mandated for children, or anyone for that matter, but especially not children under the age of 18. Denmark and Sweden have already halted the vaccine on younger people for a reason. The heart inflammation problem is real. We are not your guinea pigs. If we gave to take out children out of school, so be it. 
I am opposed to this vaccine for children. We are following the science, correct? The science says that kids are relatively unaffected by this virus, do not require hospitalization and are not spreading the virus. There has been no testing done to prove that this is safe and effective for children and I refuse to let my kids be the lab rats.
If this where an approved clinical trail you would have shut it down already. One child dying or being hurt is to many. Leave the children alone. 
Please do not force the Covid-19 vaccine on children 5-11. The Covid-19 vaccine should be for older people and people that are susceptible landing in the hospital because of underlying conditions. As we know a very small percentage of chance that young children would be harmed by the Covid-19 infection. It would be more dangerous for them to get the vaccine than to get the Covid-19 infection. 
Please do not approve these force vaccine for children. Children have strong robust immune systems and should not be forced to get the vaccines. You need to look at your own reporting on the people injured and who have died from these vaccines. 
We have been using the VAERS database for 30 years and there are now 2x more deaths in 9mo from these vaccines than ALL other vaccines combined! These are NOT safe and YOU know it.
I’m deeply troubled that the FDA is considering a quick approval process for children between the age of 5 and 11 to receive Covid vaccinations. This move is highly irregular, and against good scientific processes. I want to strongly state that I am opposed to such a quick approval process. I’m asking that you delay approval until there is adequate study data to support such a decision.
I do not agree with making the "vaccine" mandated for anyone, but especially NOT the children!! The mandates are completely going against our constitutional rights!!! Children that have gotten the "vaccine" are experiencing horrible side affects with their hearts! It is causing myocarditist and you know it!!! Stop the genocide! This "vaccine" is killing people!!!! 
I am completely against giving the Covid shot to children. It is still experimental, and there have been many cases of adverse side effects in those over age 11. It is not safe! Children are the least likely to die from Covid. Giving this shot to them is not backed by sound science. Please do not authorize this shot for ages 5-11. 
Do NOT mandate vaccines for children. Parents should be allowed to continue making that decision for their children, not the government! I am not ready to live in a communist society where we are no longer allowed to make decisions for ourselves or our families.
Our kids have immune systems that work for themselves!! We will not allow the covid19 vaccine for our children!!
For something that you’re not sure about onto young children. Our kids are supposed to have an immune system that is what it is for this is a virus a virus
Vaccines for children beginning at age 5 for a virus that has claimed roughly 500 children TOTAL in the last two years? The efficacy is trash. Kids recover rapidly & stand a better chance of health WITHOUT a vaccine - especially boys whom have an increased chance of myocarditis DUE TO VACCINE. Get your head out of your wallets and do the right thing. Enough already.
Absolutely unnecessary and a complete disregard for parental & family judgement. Our kids, our choice… just like any other vaccine.
We, as the people, demand medical freedom. We OPPOSE MANDATORY vaccines for children ages 5-11z Making decisions for a human being who is incapable of making the decision for themselves and making it mandatory is against human rights.
It’s my job as a parent to choose what is right/wrong for my child. The government mandating something for my child is wrong. The governments role is to provide availability for the vaccine but not mandate it. 
As a teacher in this pandemic, I will always stand for children. Where there is risk there must be choice; not all medical interventions are suitable for everyone, yet most children are incredibly well equipped with robust immune systems to fight off the covid virus, as evidenced by the number of children who have done so. 
You could be doing irreparable damage to millions of families if you promote covid shots for children without long term safety studies, and without safety studies conducted by uninvested parties. Your souls are worth far more than you can possibly hope to be paid for the evil which is being asked of you. Thank you, Erich
If you pass this, you are aiding history's greatest crime against humanity and encouraging child abuse. You will NEVER get this poison gene manipulation therapy in my child. 
I strongly oppose imposing Covid vaccination for children in general and particularly for children under age 11yo. There is no clear evidence that they are a significant vector or carrier for this infection nor that they are at significant risk for severe infection, morbidity or mortality with this infection in the normal population.
The fact that we are even considering this for kids who are invincible to Covid is absurd. If certain kids want to get it great. If people don’t. 
It doesn’t matter what you approve.. many will not comply. You’re an evil parasitic monster who’s only purpose is murder, control and money. You are being exposed for what you are. LEAVE THE CHILDREN ALONE. 
More kids will be injured or killed by this vaccine then they would from covid. I am sick of seeing young kids suffer heart injuries and neurological problems from your very unsafe and ineffective poison. Stop the madness
Please vote NO TO THE EUA COVID VACCINE FOR CHILDREN AGES 5-11. There is ABSOLUTELY NO SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE for the need and there are too many unknown long term outcomes associated with these injections. Our children are not lab rats for experiments. Thank you for honoring your HIPOCRATIC OATH and THE NUREMBERG CODE by voting NO. 
The original purpose of a vaccine was to cover the higher at risk age group. Never has the 5-12 year age group been considered high risk. Why would we expose our youth to such a thing when we don’t really know the long term impact of these vaccines on their health and immunity. 
There needs to be more research on covid 19 vaccines for children ages5 to 11. There is not enough long term studies how this vaccine will effect anyone.
That’s not something you can decide every parent has the right over there own children. If they decide the to take the vaccine then that’s there choice but you can’t just mandate something in someone else’s household. This is terrible please stop it. 
Do not mandate this for children. They are not susceptible to covid.
Teenage boys are coming down with myocarditis unnecessarily after being injected with the shot. I recently was told there were 9 cases at a clinic. Our young children are born with healthy cells to fight viruses and should not be taking anything to replace or endanger that natural immunity. 
Stop unnecessary vaccinations for children ...they are not prone to catching Covid plus, injection itself does NOT stop the spread
I do not believe it is the FDA or governments place to mandate anything reguarding individual health. It is not the governments job to control the health of anyone let alone children. Leave our children alone they are not big pharma’s science experiment. NO MANDATE 
Experimental Covid vaccines are far more harmful to children than the disease itself. It is criminal to inject children with an experimental, non-approved, ingredients unknown, unproven vaccine 
Kids do NOT need an experimental shot that has been proven to be insignificant for children. Please stop this madness. It's unfair for our children to be mandated to take a "vaccine" that the long term effects have not been studied. Please reconsider this mandate. Also, it has been proven that children are at a significantly lower risk of contracting or even having severe sxs of covid. 
I am a parent of a minor school aged child in public school system. This whole response from masks to not going to school has not been backed by the science or the data. If these vaccines are mandated for children also not backed by science or the data I will start homeschooling. Please do right by our children. Thank you. 
I do not believe that covid 19 is a risk for kids. I believe medical discussions should be left to parents.
There is no evidence and reason to vaccinate kids 5+ with the covid vaccine. The science behind the vaccine does not back up the mandate. You will be killing the kid’s instead. 
I oppose mandating vaccines for kids. The virus has minimal affect on kids. The last I heard last week was that out of 700.000 deaths in this country from covid only 542 were kids under 18. Forcing the virus on them makes no sense. Thank you.
When the benefits of a medical product don’t outweigh the risks this should be classified as malpractice and should be considered crimes against humanity. Pick your side wisely.-RN T. Loesch 
I feel that a vaccine that neither cures or stops the spread of a disease is completely unnecessary. Especially in children who are the least likely to suffer from symptoms in the first place. Not to mention the fact that the long term effects are still unknown. Our children were not created for experimental use. Stop this now. 
Apposed to a Vaccine approval for children. Next it will become a mandate if approved. I'm sorry I was vaccinated against covid 19 as the side effects of the shots have been dibilatating. Let's not ruin these children lives with more vaccines. 
The amount of genocide your vax mandates have created, loss of important officials who protect our health and safety. You the gov. Are a discrase to the american people. NO VAX MANDATES. YOU WILL NOT GET OUR CHILDREN
Absolutely do not want covid vaccines for my children! Never will I inject this poison into my kids!
My daughter is not going to be part of your trials. When the vaccine has the same effect as whooping cough or meningococcal where it's safe AND works. Then absolutely but until then No vaccine for any child
It is inconceivable to me how anyone would believe that a child should receive a vaccine for a virus that they have a 99.999 chance of surviving and which could cause irreparable harm to them. I consider it criminal to proceed with this recommendation.
No! The covid vaccines are showing to be more dangerous than the illness to our kids. Mandates are unconstitutional and morally wrong. 
I am vehemently opposed to any requirement for Covi-19 vac. shots for children. The survival rate is extremely high for them, and the risk of damage from the shots is much higher than any possible benefit. Try following the actual science!
I oppose mandating Covid related vaccines for children ages 5-12 years. These vaccines are still experimental and long term effects are unknown. Children remain at low risk for serious effects from the virus. People who have been vaccinated can still pass the virus to others. Please do not add our children to this massive experiment.
You are waking a sleeping giant when you go after our children. We are already pissed off holding our jobs over our heads to get the vaccine in adults. Good luck to you if you mandate this on children.
It is time to stop this unlawful experiment and do not allow our children o be harmed. Enough people have died since this plandemic stated.
I do not support mandatory vaccines, masking, or quarantining of healthily children. I’m a teacher. I’ve had 9 students in quarantine since December 2020. Guess what? None of them got sick. Our middle and high school does not require masking, just our elementary schools and their covid numbers are pretty much the same as ours bring masked. 
Covid-19 is not a childhood illness. This vaccine has not been tested and vetted like other vaccines for children. We do not have studies on long term effects of the vaccine. We would need at least 7-10 years of trials. And, even then, there are some who should not receive the vaccine. This should be a decision you make on a personal basis in cooperation with your pediatrician. 
This is dangerous and unnecessary. Leave the kids alone. 
I absolutely will not have this vaccine given to my children. It is my American, god given right. I will home school my child or hire an in home educator. My children are my treasures and I protect my treasures FIERCELY!
I am against the COVID 19 vaccine mandate for children. It has not been out long enough and I do not feel comfortable even with FDA approval. 
I am against a mandate for this experimental"vaccine". It is NOT safe and had NOT gone through the proper testing, trials and scrutiny of other vaccines. This so called "vaccine" needs to go through several years of testing, trials and much more safety measures before it can be considered safe! NO, NO, NO TO THIS EXPERIMENTAL SHOT!
Please do not approve any Covid vaccines for children under 13. The risks do not outweigh the benefits. Long term studies for adults have not been completed (greater than a year up to five years). 
This will go down as crimes against humanity, crimes against children. This is in the trial stages and didn’t know shape or form is it acceptable to do a trial and children for a disease that has a 99.9% survival rate for children. 
Children rarely have severe symptoms when getting Covid-19. It is unacceptable to mandate a vaccine that is completely unnecessary for children. It should be a parent’s choice just like a flu shot is chosen by parents and not mandated. 
Haven’t you seen enough damage from this vaccine in our 12-22 year olds and cardiomyopathy? And now you want to inflict more pain, suffering and injury on our younger children all for no reason. STOP THE 5-11 YEAR OLD VACCINE MANDATES MADNESS! 
Vaccinating children is insane. The survival rate of Covid for children is something like 99.7%. Mandating this genetic testing would be absolutely criminal and you will be held accountable for your actions, if not in this life, certainly the next. 
The risks from this vaccine for children far outweigh the risks from Covid infection. A decision to approve this vaccine for children is NOT based on science. Please do not approve this vaccine!!
I am totally against using an experimental biological agent on my child.
I’m asking that this mandate on children be stopped it is the parents who have the only right to make such decisions for their children. Many believe our God given immune systems are the best way to handle such issues. Stop forcing mandates that don’t make sense. 
Im against to have the government involved in a decision that is up to the parents!!.It is completely unnecessary to have kods receive a shot for a virus that is naturally cured !!
I prohibit, rebuke, stand against all vaccine mandates, as an American citizen, especially covid mandates for children of any age and namely ages 5-11. I say no to covid vaccine mandates for all children and adults.
"Mandating" any vaccination and then segregation of those who chose not to get it - is out right crimes against humanity! The government works for the people - no one should be scared of their government. End this madness!!
There is no scientific proof that children aged 5 to 12 are effected by COVID-19 enough to warrant mandatory vaccinations. I strongly urge you to not require vaccines to children 5 to 12 years old. 
I am absolutely 100% against COVID-19 vaccinations for children of all ages. They are the best protected by natural immune systems. They do not spread the disease as the media has claimed and the vaccines are causing far too much harm to children and adults worldwide. 
I don’t feel safe giving a shot to my children that has not passed long term studies. 
This is EXPERIMENTAL!!!! Do not make children take this shot with a 98% survival rate! There will be many more complications down the road for these kids that are not given a choice now. It’s unconstitutional! Stop the madness! Please!
It is not ok to force children to get a shot when we have no hard evidence of the repercussions of this shot in the years to come. No one knows what the effects of this shot will be. We live in a free country and should not be forced to do anything with our bodies we do not agree with. As a parent it is my decision how to handle my child’s health care, not the government.
SARS created 1999 abd the PCR does not determine if you have anything Bc the isolation did not take place. We know this. It’s irrefutable. Only a matter of time the mass will figure this out Bc they will be dying from the Vaxx. That is when those who support, should hide. There will be some pissed off ppl. Only a matter of time.
This is not a one size fits all vaccine, please stop the mandate of vaccines for children to attend school on behalf of every child that has a 99.9% chance of surviving.
Covid does not pose a danger to children. There is no need to vaccinate them. Strep throat is much worse for children and there's no rush to even find a vaccine for that. My child will never be vaccinated for covid and will be pulled from school.
This should not be mandated, especially since we should still be following precautions regardless of vaccination status. In addition, it absolutely should not be mandatory for our children given that we don't know the unknown long term effects of this rushed vaccine.
Please don't risk the lives of our children. There is no need for children to be vaccinated at this time.
I strongly oppose the vaccination of kids. We don't have enough studies regarding the long term effects of this vaccine. There's not enough trials to show this yet. 
The percentage of children between the ages of 5 and 11 who have died from Covid is less than 1%. You cannot say with CERTAINTY that the vaccine is safe. There has simply not been enough time that has passed to make that statement. Saying it is is reckless, at best.
To the Food and Drug Administration: DO NOT, DO NOT, DO NOT mandate covid shots to children, or anyone!!! THIS IS REPREHENSIBLE!!!
Chances a child will be severely impacted by covid is barely slim to none, kids need to be building their immunity, LEAVE OUR KIDS ALONE
Polio vaccine was not mandatory why is it not up to the parent or individual to determine what’s best? This should not be controlled by government mandate and that’s what this is all about. I’ve received my vaccines but also feel it should be an individual choice.
How is this a good plan, when children have a 99.9973% COVID Survival Rate? Where is the "non" industry science to prove this would be of any benefit? I adamantly oppose this "rush" to implement this as the vaccine has not been properly tested, meaning there is NO long term safety studies and is still under EUA and not FDA approved.
Vaccines should absolutely not be mandatory for children, period!
Do not approve COVID injections for children 5-11. You will be held accountable for the deaths of all the people you’ve already allowed to be targeted by this experimental DNA altering eugenics program. You WILL be charged with crimes against humanity if you continue with this criminal action. 
I do not believe children should be given this drug. They have such a minute chance of contracting this “virus” ; it is ridiculous and an act of malpractice to do so. 
Vaccines are NOT APPROVED a d have very serious side effects, they should Not even be up fo discussion to give to our kids ! Also it should be a CHOICE 
I am very opposed to approving Covid vaccines for children. The risks outweigh the benefits. Children have a very low risk of infection or spreading the virus. This madness of vaccine mandates has to STOP !!!!!!!!
I disagree with the proposal for a vaccine mandate, for 5 to 12 year olds.
My family and I am vehemently opposed to the proposed regulation. The comment period has been too short to receive public input. A vaccine mandate is unconstitutional, given the infringement on individual (children’s) right to pursue an education. Congress has never authorized the FDA to take such action. The general public (most parents) will oppose the proposed regulation.
I am extremely concerned about approval of the Covid vaccine for children given the seriousness of the adverse events that have occurred in teens and not acknowledged by the CDC, FDA, NIH and the vaccine manufacturing companies.
Children do not need this experimental vaccine. They have 99.9% survival rate. It has not been tested fully for safety. Please do not rush to experiment on young children. 
I am commenting to strongly oppose mandating the vaccine to children. I disagree with the mandating of this vaccine for everyone. Children are at the lowest risk for contracting the coronavirus and the least likely to get seriously ill. Studies have shown that they have a greater chance of a negative side effect from the vaccine then they do the virus. It is ludicrous to vaccinate the children.
I strongly disagree the mandatory of Covid vaccines on children 5-12 years old or any age and any person in America. Thanks for taking this into your consideration. 
Please don't approve c19 vaccine for children yet. Wait a few years until more data is available. Myocarditis is not a healthy outcome no matter the age. Doesn't make sense to give this to children.
I am very much opposed to the government making the decision as to whether or not children are vaccinated. This is a decision to be made by the parents. 
I am not okay with a vaccine mandate for anyone, it should be the right of an individual to choose and for parents to choose for their children. Period!
I do not think this will be good. Alot of study needs to take place before mandating an experimental drug on our children. At least 5+ years, NO DEATHS, and minimal side effects. My children already had covid. They bounced back on their own and are fine. 
Please do not mandate the vaccine for children ages 12 and younger. As a nurse anesthetist, I feel more long term studies need to be done before mandating the vaccine in children. Also, they are too young to make an informed decision for themselves. 
I do not think this should be approved until there are long term safety studies done and each ingredient is more vigorously studied. There are many other effect ways of preventing and treating Covid, this vaccine is not the only solution. 
Please do not push these covid vaccines for children. There should be long term data before this is rushed. Please wait until the longer term data is put together and studied, and proper dosage amount can be determined. This is to much of a risk verse reward for children without more study and long term data.
There have been no long term studies on the vaccines as well as unknown risks in taking 
The number of vaccines children are already receiving without protest from parents is already huge. The number of autistic children has grown exponentially in recent years. I blame it, in part on the vaccines. There must not be more vaccines for these young children!! Stop this NOW!
Please do not mandate children they do not need this and parents should choose what is best for there children. 
Please, please, please - stop the madness!! Stop the vaccine mandates. People have all the information they need to get vaccinated or not. There is no need for a mandate and especially it should NOT be mandated for children. We all know that they almost completely not at risk for any real negative affect.
Protect our children and don’t approve a clinical vaccine trial for a drug with no long term side effects. Our children’s health is not at risk from this virus and they are not pharmaceutical experiments. Do the right thing! The potential risk of this approval is far more dangers than Covid has been proven to be for our children. 
This mandate is unethical. Please don’t do this to our children, this vaccine does not have enough study to 100% confirm long term effects. Very disappointed in the actions of your administration. 
Parents MUST be allowed to make decisions for their own children. Interesting how this administration is pushing "pro-choice" in regards to abortion - the taking of a life - but not "pro-choice" in the area of parental consent. Hmmmmm.
I firmly believe children should not be required to take the covid vaccine. It should be a choice, NOT a mandate. Kids have very low risk and should not be forced to take the vaccine in order to go to school. Governments should not be allowed to enforce this requirement until this vaccine has been tested for at least 5-10 years.
COVID "vaccine" mRNA is a very new technology, without trail data and case study over time, we SHOULD NOT use this to young children.
Please do no approve this eua for children 5-11. There are not enough if any LONG TERM studies to show side effects. Children are not at a high risk of severe covid. 
Please do not mandate the vaccine for 5 year old or any child. There has been way to many adverse effects with this vaccine as it is. No one knows what effect it will have on us in 2 or 5 years. We r begging u not to do this. It’s against everything American stands for. My body my choice. Right to try. Please
I do not agreed with authorizing or obligating children to take a vaccine under the age of 18. I will not consent or allow for anyone to force what should be a parent choice for their children. Children are low risk for COVID-19. More have been proven to have a reaction from the vaccine than contracting it or even having major symptoms from it. 
No untested vaccines for children! Follow the science says there is NO problem with covid and children, stop the nonsense!
The DATA and the SCIENCE CLEARLY show that this age group is not affected by Covid-19. BUT what the data and science DO NOT show are the long term effects of these experimental vaccines that we are learning about only AFTER giving them to humans, esp children. If adults are vaccinated, there is NO REASON to MANDATE these vaccines for CHILDREN. HIGHLY OPPOSE THIS MEASURE.
20,000 people marched today in NYC who are standing up to the vaccine mandates. People who know this is not about a virus but CONTROL!! This “vax” is an experimental drug that is very dangerous and the people who get injected are the guinea pigs!!!DON’T get our innocent children involved in this experint!!!!
As a parent of 5 and a high school coach I do not agree with the approval of the Covid shots for any age group let alone our children 5-12. These have not had enough controlled studies and peer reviewed. How do we put chemicals and unknown things in the arms of our youth without knowing the harm we are doing to them long term. Please I beg you protect our children! Thank you in advanced !! 
Mandates are wrong in a free country. Parents make these decisions for their kids, NOT an overreaching government!
I strongly oppose giving a vaccine to children that have not been tested long enough and would be given to a demographic that is not at high risk for complications if they do catch the virus. This is a decision that should be made by both the dr and the parents of the children. Do not force parents to give preventative treatment to children. 
This vaccine should not be approved for use children. This cohort is practically immune to Covid, and the side effects of the vaccine are still only poorly understood. The risk to reward ratio is much too strongly weighted towards risk for such a vulnerable population, as children are.
I refuse to give the Covid-19 Vaccine to my children, it has not stood the test of time. There are no mass outbreaks amongst children. I am a vaccinated adult not anti-vacay I just want to wait until I’m ready. I am the parent. I do not co-parent with the government. 
Please stand up and say no to this! Your people voted against this. Children have a 99% survival rate from Covid. How can the vaccine protect them anymore. Please someone do the right thing. 
Children are at such a minimal risk of dying from COVID-19, a vaccine for them is not necessary. Please leave this option up to the personal choice of each child’s parents and their doctor. Please do not require a new vaccine for something my children have virtually 0% chance from dying from. Thank you. 
Please DO NOT mandate these vaccines for children ages 5-11. There is not enough conclusive evidence to support the notion that these children would benefit greatly (i.e. NOT get Covid and/or not survive COVID) and there is evidence that there is a risk adverse effects. This COVID vaccine has not been blind tested. Please do not subject our children to this experiment. Thank you.
Please do not put our children at risk with this mrna technology. There are many saftey signals showing in the data for children and adolescents given this product. It is clearly not worth any minuscule benefit to the child or society as a whole given the fact that children's immune systems are well equipped to handle this virus naturally and the product does not stop infections or transmission! 
No child should be vaccinated without consent of parent or guardian. We all should have a choice of what is best for us. No mandates.
There have been 16,766 vaccine deaths logged into VAERS, as well as nearly 70,000 hospitalizations. There is no need to extend this carnage to young children who easily fight off SARS-COV2.
I am absolutely against mandatory vaccinating anyone, whether it be a baby, toddler, young child, teenager, adult or older person. It takes away our freedom in so many ways, it should be against the law!!!
Under 18 year Olds are at almost no risk of dying from covid. However, they are the group that is being injured by the vaccine the most. Other countries have stopped the covid vaccine for under 18 year Olds due to all of the severe adverse events. Do not approve this vaccine for under 12 years of age. It will harm our children. 
I respectfully submit that there is no valid health reason to approve a Covid 19 shot for children. The virus does not pose a sufficient risk to children, and there are no long term studies of the effects of such a shot. No one has had this in their system for more than one year. Treat it early. Do not push shots for a disease that has a >98% survivability rate. 
This is wrong when there is other alternative medicine that can be taken the work. Stop this ASAP. 
It should be a choice to vaccinate your self or your kids. Please don't make this be mandatory 
I do not support the approval of Covid vaccinations for children ages 5-11.
The FDA should absolutely NOT mandate vaccines for children! Each family should be able to choose what they think is right for their family! 
Please do not approve these toxic bio weapons for our children. Haven’t enough people been murdered and maimed? Now, you want to kill and ruin the lives of innocent children. This is not a health agenda, this is a eugenics agenda. Millions of us know the plan and we won’t stand for it. One day you will pay the price for this outrageous evil.
It is totally unnecessary and ridiculous to give children this vaccine. It's child abuse to experiment on children. So many side effects and children have strong immune systems to fight this virus naturally. Why compromise their natural immune system?? It makes no sense at all. Please STOP
Please do NOT approve a COVID vaccination for children. It is danger and negligent when we do not know the long term effects from any COVID vaccine. This vaccine has the potential to do more harm than good. Do not harm our children, do not allow or mandate this vaccine for children.
It is wrong to require kids ages 5-11 to take the Covid vaccine to attend school. Parents, not government, make decisions, especially medical decisions, in the best interest of their children.
You have not long term data for Minors.Vaccines don’t prevent community spreadVaccines don’t guarantee protection .The vaccines were initially given EUA to protect the most at risk !Children do not qualify as the most vulnerable and at risk age group !what is the real purpose of vaccinating children of all of the above criteria can be argued against the vaccination of minors ????
I am a grandmother of 2 small children. I beg of you to NOT MANDATE this mRNA shot for our 5-11 year-olds. 
Children were never considered at risk to take the vaccine from the very beginning nor was anyone under 65 ; then many younger adults who took it “just in case” died. This is an unnecessary recent add on and needs to be rejected
I mean what are DOING FDA is a KILLER AND THEY don't think in FOLKS AND in human ! Really today can't trust in FDA 
Hey get out of here with trying to vax my kids with something that doesn’t serve as an actual vax. Prove to us that you have isolated the covid virus, and then prove to us you have a test for the population that can show variants of covid. Keep your mandates away from minors. Period 
These vaccines are not APPROVED. Stop Lying to the people.. No children should get these shots.
I do NOT agree with vaccinations for children 5-11. We must have long term proof it is safe. Children have a very high survival rate from covid and it is not fair to force this on them.
Kids should not be forced to get vaccinations. Some kids have been maimed for life from previous vaccinations!
It is absolutely wrong to force an experimental vaccine on children or anyone else. Especially for a virus that does not effect children and that 98% of everyone else survives.
Our kids are not spreading the virus and have an almost zero percent risk of dying from it. Use common sense and do not approve this “vaccine” for our young children. 
I sincerely request that you do not recommend vaccine for children as this drug is still experimental. Please don’t play with our children’s lives. Thank you.
Kids are not at risk at all if you follow the SCIENCE. There is no need for them to have an experimental vaccine without any long term side effect data! This is ludicrous to think about making them take the vaccine. We here follow the science all the time. Please show us one study that shows kids are at risk! 
I do not support the vaccine mandate for children of any age. 
Absolutely unnecessary that children receive this vaccine, children have been resilient to this virus, you are overstepping your authority and we parents will continue to resist. 
Please do not approve vaccines for 5 to 11-year-olds. They have a 99.998 recovery rate. This would be detrimental to their innate immune system. My grandchildren have had Covid and they have natural immunity and therefore no need for the vaccine. If you truly love children you would put this through animal trials first. I pray that Jesus saves you all.
I strongly disagree with vaccinating children. As a group, their risks from COVID are minimal and risks from the vaccines are much greater.
There is absolutely nothing in this world that should be made mandatory to put in our children’s bodies or our own. This is a violation of our basic human rights and is complete over reach of our government. Please do not make this vaccine mandatory. Where there is risk there must be choice. All of you on that panel know there is risk. 
I absolutely oppose mandating any medical treatment for anyone, much less our youth. Ones medical decisions are their own to make. Forcing anyone against their will is rape pure and simple! Stand down and desist with these immoral and illegal actions! 
We know that this vaccine has caused heart problems, blood clots, seizures, miscarriage and death. We know that children have less than a 1% chance of dying from covid. The risk from covid does not justify the risk from the vaccine. 
This is not necessary and we will not be partaking. You do not have my vote. 
I'm appalled that the FDA would consider approving this vaccine for young children.Please see the VAERS deaths and injuries. They are committing crimes against humanity and I will never ever allow anyone to touch my child with this shot.
Don't dare give this failed vaccine to how precious children ever!!!!!!! The deaths will be on all of your hands!!!!!! If you pass this. 
KIDS AND ADULTS ARE DEVELOPING MYOCARDITIS AND OTHER SERIOUS HEALTH CONDITIONS BECAUSE OF THIS EXPERIMENTAL INJECTION. SHAME ON YOU FOR EVEN CONSIDERING DOING THIS TO THE CHILDREN. THIS POISON NEEDS TO BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET NOW. SAFETY ABOVE PROFITS. WE DO NOT CONSENT.
There is absolutely no indication for this experimental shot for this age group, where covid-19 poses a 0.0003% risk. When talking about benefit v. Risk ration, there is no benefit to taking this shot, however, there is a great deal of risk, being there have been no long term data studies. In addition, there have been over 1 million adverse reactions to the shot, to date. 
Requiring children 12 and under to get the vaccines against Covid-19 is unnecessary, expensive, and somewhat dangerous. Are you going to be responsible for severe side effects, maybe deaths? The rates of untoward events and break through infections is likely to be far greater than deaths from Covid-19 in this age group. Better to become immune due to exposure.
I absolutely disagree w/ the idea to force children to take a COVID shot when they have very little risk of infection & also have a high risk of side effects. If they later wish to take a shot as an adult, then please allow them to make that decision; perhaps by then the long-term effects will be documented.
Please stop the madness of thinking It is ok to inject adults & especially children with a chemical that you don’t know what there Long term effects will be. We have God given immune systems that know how to fight. Let our bodies fight! You worry about your body and let us worry about our own and our children. 
Children do NOT need the covid vaccine. There is almost no risk to children getting covid. Stop trying to control every aspect of our lives. We know what is best for our children, we decide for our children. My children will NOT BE GETTING THIS VACCINE!
Giving medicine an vaccinations are parents responsibility. The Netherlands will not let any people under 25 get the vaccination as 60% have gotten enlarged hearts. They have had other side effects and deaths because of the vaccine. They have kept records on this and do not reward hospitals for having people die due to covid. We have gotten false stats because of this.
When did it become lawful for the government to mandate what parents allow children to have their bodies injected with an unnecessary and unproven vaccine. This is wrong and unlawful. We parents are the advocates for our kids. NOT THE GOVERNMENT!!!
Shame on all of you ! Yo u all have sold your souls to Satan. Leave our children alone...
American should have the freedom to choose their medications. Please protect the children from this unnecessary inoculation. The fear mongering and mob rule has gone too far already. Please, just give us the choice!
I will have no part in giving my children something that has hardly tested! How can you say it’s safe for children when their chances of getting Covid are slim and there are other remedies to rid them of the disease! We are not human guiena pigs our lab rats. Vaccines take years to be tested to prove they are safe and effective. The survival rate of Covid is 99.7% what is the rush.
Hello! I am a mother of three, and I would like to believe that I have right to decide what’s best for my children. After all, we do live in democracy…or are we? Sincerely, Matea Bilan, Rancho Palos verdes, Ca
I do not feel comfortable giving the vaccine to little children. Please please don’t mandate it. This needs to be a decision made by families, not the government. 
Approving this vaccine for ages 5-12 is a mistake. Side effects have been serious amongst teens and even adults, and with mandates never far behind approval for this vaccine, it would be irresponsible and dangerous to approve a vaccine for an age group that has been barely affected by Covid. 
I have a personal experience with a negative experience for a child under eighteen experiencing chest pain from the second vaccine. Hours were spent in a pediatric facility with expensive tests which confirmed heart attack type symptoms in progress. She was dismissed hour later with a wrist band “just in case she needed to return” 
DO NOT SUBMIT OUR CHILDREN TO THIS NONSENSE! These vaccines are harmful and HAVE NOT been fully tested. They should not be approved for children or even adults at this point as they are not even FULLY APPROVED. If you agree to this you have given up our freedoms to chose anything else moving forward. This is sad and disgusting. 
The risks of this vaccine is so way above any benefit it is supposed to provide. Covid risk to children is so very low and this vaccine has many risks and even more than we don't even know about. Why are we even considering this vaccine for our children? It makes no sense. 
Don't approve the COVID shot for children. Kids aren't harmed by it, kids don't spread it, but if you approve the shot you will harm our nation's children.
I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Based on available data, the benefits do not outweigh the risks.Comment ID
No mandates in children. We followed the rules got vaccinated and still contracted Covid. If the point is to not get hospitalized from Covid and children are not then why mandate it!!! I have seen more children with adverse reactions to this vaccine than children sick from it! 
We do NOT CONSENT for our children to be vaccinated! All we want is FREEDOM OF CHOICE!! This is tyranny!!!
Kids do not need this experimental vaccine! No such vaccine they needed! They are healthy without this faccine! Its dangerous for little kids! 
I object to government demanding parents put the children at risk of a life-long disability or even worse, death. There is a higher risk for children to be vaccinated than having COVID-19. So, how can you justify such a position.
I will absolutely NOT subject my children to this vaccine....our children are our future! Covid-19 is not detrimental to them and more and more people are having side effects that are either killing them or severely injuring them. Why woukd anyone in their right mind subject children to this experimental shot! 
These are not proven safe or effective. Not even for adults. Do not mandate for children or adults. This needs to be an individual decision. That the vaccine manufacturers hold no liability, the fact that mandates are even considered is appalling. Gross. Totally not okay. Violation if basic human rights. Please stop this. Thank you for your consideration.
Please for the purely safety reasons. Do not force this vaccine on our children and grandchildren. The vaccine is a huge scientific disappointment. 
There is no emergency requiring EUA approval of a Covid vaccine for kids. There has never and will never be an emergency when it comes to kids and Covid. The statistics show over and over again that this is not a deadly virus to kids. Introducing a vaccine that already has deadly side effects to kids (and adults) without extensive, decades long testing, is dangerous amd irresponsible.
There should NOT ever be a mandate to vaccinate children with the COVID19 vaccine. The risk from vaccination in this population with these particular vaccines is far greater than the risk of the illness.
Where is the, absolute, scientific evidence for vaccinating children?
Do not vaccinate children. This is egregious that you are even considering it; Covid does not pose a serious health risk to them. Is the FDA even considering the long-term effects of the vaccine on them? 
I believe it is the right of every person to choose if they get vaccinated or not......and the little children have to rely on their parents to make their choose..it is not the governments choice...we live in a free country read the constitution of the United States!
No vaccine mandates!!! Covid has a <1% chance of killing children. the risks of the vaccine do not outweigh benefits. 
It's against Human rights to choose along with our GOD given rights & Parents make decisions for their Children PERIOD!
I oppose this! Parents should have the choice to obtain vaccines for their children. This should not be authorized for children nor mandated!!! 
There should be no vax requirements for kids, let alone anyone. Stop the madness.
Please leave our children out of this.A five year old doesn’t need the same medical treatment as an eighty-five year old.
Please do not make this vaccine approved for children. There is no need for children to get it due to their low chances of death. Once it is approved, it will be mandated in so many states, and you are only causing more division. I know you speak dollars, but I am pleading with you. Think of all the adverse reactions on these helpless children for a man made disease that doesn’t even effect them! 
This is a terrible mandate. Children are not having detrimental affects from covid. Shouldn't a parent decide what is best for their child. 
DO NOT MANDATE COVID VACCINES FOR OUR CHILDREN!! THERE ARE TOO MANY QUESTIONS ABOUT EFFICACY, LONG TERM EFFECTS OF THESE VACCINES. ATOP THE MANDATE NOW!!!!
This is just an absurdity... I will pull my children from school and they will be home schooled... look at the real science on these young kids and not your agenda.. you peaple make me sick!!
I am a very concerned teenager…please hear my plea not only for me but for my siblings! Children are not at risk for Covid-19 and therefore should not be forced/mandated by government overreach to take a harmful vaccine. Per many studies and scientific research this vaccine does more harm than good to little life. Think twice!
ABSOLUTELY NO TO COVID-19 VACCINE FOR CHILDREN AND BABIES!!!!
Leave the youth out of this, they are our future!
I firmly disagree with vaccinations for ages 5-11. Due to the side effects that are already happening to young adults I think it would be a horrible mistake to mandate these for children with no assurance of it not harming the children. 
I am against mandating vaccines on children that have not been tested properly for long term effects.
"16 There are six things that the Lord hates, seven that are an abomination to him:17 haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,18 a heart that devises wicked plans, feet that make haste to run to evil,19 a false witness who breathes out lies, and one who sows discord among brothers."Proverbs 6:16-20English Standard Version 
I do not authorize the vaccine on my child and support laws that do not require young students and children to get the C-19 vaccine in order to attend school. 
How can this possibly be approved for our children. PLEASE PLEASE do NOT approve this for children. We have had so many harmful effects on adults. Children can have many more harmful effects from the vaccine as opposed to having Covid. Please have a conscience!!!
We will not vaccinate our children since covid is not fatal for them.
Please we do not need our children forced to take a covid vaccine whose efficacy wanes very quickly and whose side effects are very bad as far as vaccines go. Additionally, children are not susceptible to dying from covid. Please do not allot big pharma to make tons of money because that is all this is. Profits do not come before the safety of our children.
Please DO NOT approve this vaccine for children, the long term side effects are unknown, children are not dying from this disease and it’s not their responsibility to protect adults.
I do not support covid vaccine mandates for children. No to covid vaccine mandates especially in children ages 5-12.
Children 5-12 are less likely to contract a dangerous case of COVID but more likely to have bad effects from this mRNA innoculation. Please do NOT make this an EUA for this age group! Much more needs to be understood about long term effects.
Absolutely no vaccines for children! Leave them alone!
Please do not approve this genocide of our children please I'm begging you this experimental shot has already killed and disabled thousands of healthy adults!!!!!
There is absolutely no need what so ever to vaccinate 5-11 year olds. The CDC by their own admission say the survival rate for anyone under age 19 is 99.997%. Stop the insanity!!! Also when you have safe, proven treatments like ivermectin and hydroxychloroquin you are violating the Nuremberg code!!! This virus has never been isolated hence there is no virus!!!
Please DO NOT mandate vaccines (Pfizer mRNA Johnson and Johnson) for children, teachers, staff and employees!!
Based on the data shown, the risks of the Covid vaccines for children far outweigh the benefits. I am firmly against the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Children have basically no risk from Covid, why are they being used as an experiment? Please protect our children from the potential risks of this vaccine. 
Covid vaccine should not be mandated for children. This choice should belong to the parents. Also, there are no long term studies which show if the Covid vaccines are safe and effective for children. Children are not at risk. Please do not approve this vaccine for children. 
Do not approve ANY Covid-19 vaccinations for children under 12. It is completely unnecessary given the statistical likelihood of death or serious injury to children. 
Why would the FDA even consider vaccines for children ages 5 to 12 when they have a survival rate of 99.97 based on real science.Unless the FDA doesn’t follow true science.
This will not be given to any children in our family. It is experimental and needs to be tested APPROPRIATELY for YEARS before even considering it. I've worked in Healthcare for 20 years...I know how this works. 
Children should not be vaccinated with the COVID-19 Vaccine. It has not been fully tested and the preliminary results are showing that it is more dangerous than the virus.
Children should not be receiving experimental drugs unless they are terminally ill. Children are exponentially more likely to be injured by the vaccine than they are to be hospitalized by covid. Stop the madness.
These vaccines should not be forced on the public! Especially those who are healthy. I don’t believe the vaccine should be forced on children. Leave to the parents to decided. Not the government. I oppose the vaccine mandate on children!
I am proof this vaccine can injure. Please reconsider
Do not approve the experimental vaccine for Covid for under 11 year olds. There has not been enough testing and the government is trying to force this on our kids for profit. We are following the money trail 
I strongly disagree with school age children COVID vaccine mandates. Please do not force our children. As a parent, is my right to decide what my child receives. Socializing is a crucial part of child development. Children deserve to be educated in a social environment, without forcing vaccines of the recent pandemic. 
I do not agree with Covid vaccine mandates. It should be a parent’s choice. There is not enough research to know the long term effects and children are less likely to get severe Covid as they have healthy immune systems on their own. 
Hundreds if not thousands of reports have came out against vaccine side effects, being worse for children. 1% chance of heart problems for young people is not worth a vaccine with a 99.998% survival rate for children.
Opposing mandatory vaccination for 5-12 years old kids. 
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS vaccine for children. There has not yet been enough evidence to suggest this is a necessary step nor has there been a enough time pasted to study the long term effects Covid vaccines will have on our population. Natural immunity needs to also be considered. 
I am against vaccinating children under 12 yrs old due to complications of ingredients to vaccine.
Please do NOT force this vaccine on our babies! They are the least affected by this politically charged pandemic!! 99.7% of humans who contracted this virus SURVIVED and now has natural immunity!!!! Stop this madness, and truly FOLLOW THE SCIENCE!!
NO!!! Absolutely no more of your gene based vaccines for children of all ages. Those vaccines have already killed almost 20,000 people according to VAERS. Leave the children alone. 
Please give parents/guardians the CHOICE on vaccination against COVID 19. Especially when it is not affecting the children like it is the adults. 
What emergency? Kids are not impacted by Covid. After watching an older friend die from a stroke post Vax I do NOT CONSENT!!! There is no reason for a EUA for children. 
 This is ridiculous! Our kids are our future and we can’t trust vaccine that hunt been tested.
We say no to covid vaccine requirements for children 5-11! The survival rate is over 99.9%, the children might already have natural immunity, the testing isn’t spanning years and where there is risk there should be choice. My family chooses NO and urges you to put the children fist.
No child under the age of 17 should have to risk myocarditis or other side effects from an mRNA injection. Most especially those who have recovered from COVID19. 
Please stop this madness! Our children are NOT lab rats. That’s shots are more dangerous to their health than the virus. Do not approve these dangerous shots. Leave our innocent children alone.
NO to the mandatory vaccination mandate for children!!
I am opposed to forcing people to get vaccinated. It doesn't do any good. We shouldn't give this to children. 
The government should not be determining what goes into our bodies or the bodies of our children. It should always be our body, our choice. Right? This is still an experimental vaccine and it should not be forced into anyone body let alone that of children. Please do not vote in favor of this unconstitutional act.
We should not mandate the Covid-19 vaccines on young children without knowing the long term affects. I am not an "anti-vaxxer". My children have all their vaccines. I just do not believe enough testing has been done on the Covid-19 vaccines to verify there won't be issued later down the line. It has already been documented that children under 18 aren't the ones spreading Covid-19. 
PLEASE DO NOT CONSIDER GIVING AN EXPERIEMENTAL VACCINE TO THE PRECIOUS CHILDREN OF THIS COPUNTRY. THIS VACCINE IS CAUSING SOME MAJOR CONCERNS AND PROBLEMS---(CHECK "OPEN VARS" WEBSITE) FOR UPDATED FACTS. WHY IS THIS VACCINE SO IMPORTANT WHEN THE SURVIVAL RATE IS 99.96% FOR ADULTS---EVEN LOWER FOR CHILDREN? 
I don’t not consent or agree with vaccinating our young children, it should be a choice not a law and not mandate, and you can’t go somewhere based on your status. I say NO
Only parents should be able to make decisions whether their children should have vaccines!We want our freedoms that the constitution allows us. Government, get out of our lives!!
We will never let you get away with this! We will fight to the end! We will not run away! Us parents aren’t scared of you! You have no right telling us how to raise our children and take away our parental rights! We made and birthed these children! We are the ones that make the decisions for them! We are their voice!!
Please DO NOT approve of forced vaccines to children ages 5-11 as this has not been tested for long term effects, I oppose this action and cannot in good faith trust our government anymore when children are involved.
Please consider for the health and well being of our kids.
I oppose the Covid 19 vaccine being required for children ages 5-12. Children are not known to widely spread the Corona virus nor are they known to frequently suffer after affects from Covid 19. Thus, there is no need to vaccinate children with this experimental vaccine.
Stop vaccinations!!! No mandates no forced vaccines. Leave kids alone!!
I do not agree with vaccinations for kids 5-11. This age group has not had low recovery rates. Also this vaccine is too new to truly understand if it will have issues down the road. Dont test it on kids. 
As the mother of a severely vaccine damaged child I strongly oppose 
Data does not bear out the necessity of vaccinating children. They are not in a high risk group for contamination or high risk for severity. They are in a high risk group for side effects. This is unnecessary and dangerous and illegal. 
Please do NOT approve the covid "vaccine" for children! This hasn't been thoroughly tested! There are so many unexplained new problems and diseases that have arisen since this "vaccine" has been given that most Americans are afraid. I will NOT have my child be a guinea pig for this. It needs to be tested more thoroughly before being approved for this
I am firmly against approving the experimental MNRA covid 19 vaccination for children. The risk of the vaccine in our kids far outweighs the benefits. Children under the age of 12 do not need a vaccine. The virus barely affects them. Please oppose the vaccine for children.
No mandatory vaccination for children. This is an experimental medical device and injecting this into children who cannot consent would be the same as doing medical experiments on Jews or African Americans--and blatantly unethical and unjust. 
We, adults and children need a choice. We do not NEED to be vaccinated or masked, leave it up to the individuals and parents!
The danger to young people of a new vaccine far outweighs the threat to children not under a doctor's care
I am strictly opposed to the eua for covid vaccine for children 5-11years. We should first do NO harm, and the vaccines have known and documented adverse side effects and no long term study to boot. 
This vaccine has not been proven to be safe for children via the use of long term studies. Therefore this shot should not be anything other then advertised as an experimental vaccine at best and never ever mandated for children. 
Kids are to young for these vaccines. Let their bodies immune system fight the virus if they get it. Or let the parent decide if they want to get it for their kid. Don’t take away our rights!
No vaccines for children and stop forcing vaccines on anybody
If you look at the words that EUA stands for, Emergency Use Authorization, that should tell you the answer to the question regarding shots for children. It is not a child emergency. This flu does not have a major impact on children. The only reason I can see for you approving this is for some ulterior motive and it does'nt have anything to do with health. Leave the kids alone.
I am 100% opposed to the vaccination mandate for ages 5 to 11 as they do not pose a threat for containing or spreading the Covid virus as well we are not 100% certain of residual or adverse effects to their health not only in the present but in years to come I completely oppose this decision 
Please do not approve this vaccine for ages under 11 the risk is not worth it. Children are at a very low risk and and we don’t know the long term affects. COVID cases are dropping so we should wait and see what happens. Children should not be an experiment, they are our future. Thank you,Kelly Mayo
Many thousands are dying because of the shot. Please don't kill and/or sterilize our children
As a body of individuals that are meant to protect our health please stand up for what is right. Do not allow our children to be injected with this. If you do, the innocent children that will die will be blood on your hands. Remember that as a soul you will be held accountable for that innocent and senseless death. Kids do NOT die from COVID but they will die from these vaccines.
Please do not mandate a vaccine. Let us make medical decisions for our own children. Leave the FDA and politics out of it. I am my child’s parent. Not you. We should be allowed medical freedom!
This vaccine does not have long term effect studies completed in kids for this to be forced on my children. There are about 20% of undiluted secret ingredients in this vaccine that are not disclosed to the public. I am not willing to inject my child Fred with unknown ingredients. This is a crime to force this on anyone. I will sue if this goes through. 
I’m 100% against mandating vaccines for the 5-11 age group. There is no empirical data to demonstrate there is an emergent need to mandate vaccines for children of this age. If this happens, mothers will pull their kids from public school, burdening the economy… I also know there’s not enough research on the vaccine to show long term effects for kids of this age. 
Madness. No way we have a enough data to support giving our childern this vaccine. Plus your childern have shown that they do not get the virus. What are the long term effects of the vaccine? Government needs to stay out of my family's lives and how we raise our kids. Do not approve this vaccine our childern do not need it. 
There is no need to vaccinate children with these vaccine
Please stop any vaccine mandates for our children and for every American! This should be a personal health decision in our free country. This has to stop. 
The government has no constitutional power to force me to take a drug that I do not want. I have already had covid, so I already have immunity. The vaccine does not provide better immunity and it's a risky experimental drug. There are alternative treatments that will cure the disease (Ivermectin, Hydrochloroquine, etc) that are widely used and extremely safe.
This is an out rage of communist government trying to control false pandemic and getting children vaccinated or military people so you can control this country. Is an out rage but she do so that you withdraw this idea trying to get children vaccinated just because you want to controlBecause you want to control the country.
— I am opposed to the approval of the COVID-19 vaccines for children. Their immunological and neurological systems are still developing, making them potentially more vulnerable to adverse effects than adults.
Please do not expand the use of covid 19 vaccines for children. The VAERS reports are staggering and our children are not at risk for death from Covid-19.We can afford to wait and see how the trials go, there is no reason to rush the science
Do not mandate anymore covid vaccines. It is our body. Our choice. Stay away from our children. 
The Creator design our bodies to be strong in the areas of our own immune system. I must be vocal on the truth for His children. In the name of God. Do Not Force this experimental jab into His children.
I disagree that covid vaccines should be mandated for anyone especially our children they have zero risk of dying. 
I completely oppose this vaccine should be given to young children who don’t have a choice what gets put into their bodies. It makes no sense considering the very low infection rate with this population and low mortality rate. This is crimes against humanity and each of you who vote yes will have to bear the weight of your conscious. 
Absolutely NO This is an EXPERMENTAL SHOT!!!!!! And Needs to be Stopped until they have more INFORMATION of the issues that are happening to adults before you DARE GIVE IT TO A CHILD!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Please do not allow the Covid vaccine to be mandated for children. Covid is not hospitalizing and killing children. The vaccine presents more risk to them then Covid. 
The facts of the science do not support a mandate for children, bottom line. This is a personal and confidential choice between patents, their pediatrician and the child. If this pushes forth, there will be a strong response. This is disgusting and a political tool used to further an agenda.
Vaccinations have shown to be one of the most effective strategies to prevent COVID 19. As a parent of children between the ages of 5 and 12, I am very grateful for the opportunity to vaccinate my children and plan to take advantage of a vaccine for this age range as soon as it is available. Thank you for trusting the science. 
Please do not mandate the Covid Vaccine for children who are not at risk from a severe Covid case. They are not the at-risk group. Until it is proven that the vaccine is 99.9999% safe it should not be mandated at all for anyone. Please look to your conscience and do what is morally right. Please do not endanger our children's life and health.
I am totally against authorizing this and believe it would be an absolute travesty to take place. Please look and understand what is happening and put a stop to this.
Please reconsider this decision! The children ages 5-11 are not even at risk! For most it’s just a mild fever. Our children’s immune systems are more than enough and natural immunity is best! It is better that they come into contact with the virus and fight it off naturally. Please do not force this on our children! 
My Aunt was administered the vaccine and was dead 10 days later
Please, please, please! I beg of you!! As a mother of a 10yo, 8yo and 6yo do not authorize this injection for children. 0.0007% fatality across all kids in America under 18 is no ground for authorizing. Please!
This should in NO way be mandated, the adverse effects are not even listed for the public. Nobody knows what these products will do long term and nobody is responsible if adverse reactions happen. The public should be able to choose what vaccines they give there children. It takes years to 
Please do not require children to be vaccinated with the EUA vaccine. Children have over a 99% recovery rate to the Covid-19 virus.
There is no reason a child needs this shot. I am completely against it and oppose any mandated shots!
Please do not offer vaccinations for kids 5-11. They have beautiful immune systems to keep them healthy and fight off viruses and bacteria.
stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine.
According to "the science" and reality, the risks of this new injection for children ages 5-11 are far greater than any benefit. Please leave well enough alone. And put the health of the children over the profits of pharma.
I am firmly against vaccinating children for Covid, and I am vehemently against vaccine mandates. Where there is risk, there must be choice. Colorado, you’re better than that. Give the people choice. 
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO!!! Vote NO for mandatory vaccines for any age especially our children.
Our children are not your guinea pigs! This is absolute insanity! 
I am 100 percent for vaccinations that create immunity. However, when it comes to our youth and a vaccine that is new and there is not set amount(boosters) that can be given and not enough data. There needs to be more studies and time to make sure these are safe and effective. 
THIS IS WRONG ON MANY LEVELS!Stop immiedietly what your doing! NOT MY KIDS! OVER MY DEAD BODY! DONT EVEN TRY IT!
I do not support giving children 12 and under the covid vaccination. I am in favor of more long term studies, fertility studies, and long term effects. The effects on children’s cardiovascular systems is very concerning. 
Children should not be vaccinate with this un-approved experimental drug. Children pose no threat to society as they have a 99.9 percent chance of NOT dieing from this COVID 19 virus. They do not spread it and therefore should NOT under any circumstances be vaccinated. This is the most ass in nine project that mankind has ever done , out side the holocaust of Germany in the 1940's. 
I am truly opposed to the vaccination of our children 5 - 12 as well as all other forced vaccination. There is no scientific need for the children to be vaccinated and will cause more damage then Covid ever did for this age group. Absolutely no way this should be approved. 
I would like to encourage you not to approve any of the current vaccines for Covid 10 for us in children. The current studies do not show better outcomes, but side effects I clouding heart issues. Seeing that children are not likely to die from Covid 19 infections, the risk seems to be too great.Thank you for your time and consideration.
Parents are the only ones who should get to decide what is injected into their child. Mandates have no place in a free society. 
Please protect our children. Do not approve vaccines for kids. The science does not support the need.
I do not agree with mandating ANY vaccines. I am for medical freedom!
NO VACCINE MANDATE FOR OUR CHILDREN OR OUR BABIES. STOP & REMOVE ALL VACCINES. THEY ARE HARMFUL AND ARE KILLING PEOPLE.
You do not have the right to tell citizens what to put in their bodies and especially their children. We the people will not comply. 
Children are at a statistically negligible risk of dying from covid and are at more risk from the vaccines themselves, as we've seen with young men and so many cases of myocardial issues. Mandating the vaccines for children is unnecessary and will result in more injured and dead children than the virus ever would. 
We are against vaccine Mandate on children and adults. We are healthy Americans and will fight these unethical corrupt mandates against our freedoms. These vaccines are more harmful than helpful.
Keep the shot away from children! It’s a parents right to decide what their children are exposed to. This virus is safer to children than the shot. Take your heads out of stupid and for once, FOLLOW THE SCIENCE! 
This is an absolute violation of our rights as humans. Nothing concerning our personal health or the choices we make for the health of our children should ever be mandated. The government is going far beyond what it should legally be allowed to do.
Mandating the public to be vaccinated is against the law and in direct violation of our rights to choose!!! To try to force this mandate on parents of young children is barbaric! My body, my choice!!! My child My choice. The government and the FDA need to take a serious step back!!!!!
This is not something that should EVER be mandated. This virus, with a very high recovery rate, is not an excuse to override bodily autonomy. Children are at almost no risk from this virus. Requiring them to be vaccinated in order to receive an education or be an active part of society is child abuse. Where there is risk, there must be choice!!
It’s tyrannical. It’s unconstitutional to force anything. Leave us alone. We don’t want big government anything. The people are weaker that way. Move along! 
I am firmly against the use of covid vaccines for children 5-12. Please do not start encouraging a vaccine that isn’t worth the risk.
It appears daily that more and more people (& children) are having adverse reactions to this “vaccine” that doesn’t prevent infection or transmission. It only “lessens severity of the symptoms” is what we are told, which cannot be proven with a virus that affects everyone different. May God have mercy on your souls! 
You people that want this are all idiots. No to the vaccine mandate. 
I have extremely against vaccinating children for Covid. Studies have shown that children are the least at risk for this and it barely affects them at all. This vaccine is still in the trial stages and we should not be experimenting on the most vulnerable population who cannot speak out against this themselves. 
It should NOT be mandated. Parents should get to choose for their child. 
Mandates against constitution . Using humans as guinea pigs with out recourse is criminal. FDA officers all ex Monsanto employes. Vaccines are medical disasters . Side effects tremendous. Females are made infurtile by vacs. You are willfully killing off the human race.
I am totally against mandatory covid vaccines for school age children. Parents must have the right to choose what is right for their family.
I do not support this in any way. The science shows the youth are not superspreaders. It also shows this vaccine is not a one size fits all solution. The number show this is not a foolproof solution. The FDAs emergency approved vaccine is causing major side effects and even in all ages. So with the weight of the truth on your shoulders please do not pass this mandate for k-12. 
Absolutely opposed to mandating of vaccines. Anything going in our bodies or the bodies of our children should always be choice
Eight highly qualified physicians spoke together about Covid-19, the Covid vaccine, the booster and other related matters. One quote early in the discussion is, "No healthy child has died of Covid-19." Every person should see this video. https://rumble.com/vn8rmy-8-prominent-doctors-and-scientists-engage-in-a-remarkable-exchange.html 
First off why would you prompt a vaccine that hasn’t been researched long enough to prove it safety to kids who have a 99.9 or such survival rate. It’s unconstitutional and against the Nuremberg code!!! 
I am against vaccinating children with any experimental drug. 
Please do not mandate Covid-19 vaccines for children. They have less than a 1% chance of dying from Covid and have a very good chance of severe side effects. Please allow parents to make an informed decision about whether or not to vaccinate their children. Thank you.
Please stop the approval and mandate for children to be vaccinated with an unproven, unsafe vaccine. Their immu e systems are 100% effective and it is INHUMANE AND A CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY TO EXPERIMENT ON EVEN ONE CHILD. 
I am against to the Covid19 vaccination in the 5-11year old age group. All of the rollout vaccine programs should be stopped immediately since there is not enough data to support benefit over harmful effects. 
You must be joking. This so-called vaccine is barely tested, call me again in 5 years of trials. That’s reasonable. Be responsible with your authority and don’t start a war. This is in your hands FDA.
Vaccine mandates are inhumane and unconstituitional, particularly for young children. An unconstituitional mandate is null and void. You all should be tried for crimes against humanity via the Nuremburg Convention. 
Vaccines for children (who are at low risk) should NOT be mandated! 
To whom it may concern, This should absolutely not be ANY vaccine mandates for children under the age of 18. 
I am against the unconstitutional proposed mandate for children ages 5-12 getting the unapproved covid-19 pathogen Vax. As a parent this will not be happening to my children on my watch. 
Freedom of choice, and our children shouldn't be injected with something that not enoufh research has been done in. This is nane. Forceing poison 
I don’t see that science has proven children should be given the covid vaccine. There are reports from around the world that show many side effects after receiving the vaccine. The tiny illness rate in children does not justify a mass vaccination. Science does not support it.
The extremely low death rate of 5-11 year olds does not warrant a mandatory vaccine which long term side effects of it are not known of yet.
Please Vote NO on vaccinating children ages 5-11. There has been not enough safety evidence.And too many adverse reactions in young people over 11 years old. Children are not susceptible to Covid. This vaccination does not make sense! Please protect the future generations of our species!
I am concerned to roll out mandatory covid-19 vaccinations from 5-11 years old. There are no long term safety studies on any age group in regard to Covid 19. Serious and life threatening side effects are still being documented through VAERS. Covid affects less than 1% of children and they are at the lowest risk for Covid 19. We just haven't had enough time to insure children's safety
I absolutely refuse to vaccinate my children. This vaccine is not necessary for these children who are low to no risk . Me and My children already had COVID with very mild symptoms. And even if they hadn’t had COVID, I still would refuse to vaccinate them. My kids will not be the guinea pigs of California. 
leave our children alone this shot has no protection for anyone! you can still get Covid you can still spread Covid and you can still die from Covid with or without the shot! this is too new we do not know the long-term effects of this shot! Do not inoculate our children! I find it amazing that you want to do this to our children but most of you are not taking the shot! 
This is still an experimental drug under clinical trial! This goes against Nuremberg Code and infringes on the rights of children and parents! This is disgusting! DO NOT COMPLY!
 I am writing to express my deep opposition to the vaccination of 5- to 11-year-old children that is being proposed. Their risk of death is statistically zero. The risks associated to this vaccine are greater than getting covid. I still have yet to see a risk-to-benefit ratio study as is required. There is absolutely no data supporting children getting vaccinated for covid. 
I’m against to have children 5-11 to be vaccinated.
Oppose the mandate to vaccine healthy children. Let the parents decide not the government.
I'm strongly against mandating vaccine for children, or young teens.
As a certified natural health professional...it is my authoritative conclusion that it is simply a hazard and child abuse to vaccinate a child for covid..
Please say no FDA approval and especially NO to mandates for anyone but especially for our youngest who have almost ZERO risk from Covid.
I am opposed to vaccination of children. The danger of this trial vaccination is more dangerous than the children contracting Covid 19. There is less that 1% chance that ANYONE contracting Covid 19 will die. 
Not only is it unnecessary to vaccinate these young children, but this would be a crime against humanity. The efficacy data does NOT prove these vaccines safe or effective for young kids. Protect the children!
LEAVE THE CHILDREN ALONE!!! There has been enough damage and injury with 12 yr and older vaccination role out that is not shown to the general public. We appoze the vaccination for children !!!!
I beg you not authorize this crap (covid19 injection)to our kids. I work in an Obgyn office and young ladies are coming in very sick and bleeding very heavy after taken the shot within 6 months. Do not experiment on our children. 
There are tens of thousands dead after one of the various covid shots and the experimental shots (mRNA) are causing the most damage--and being pushed on children! Covid-19 is NOT dangerous for children. We now have STRONG evidence that the shots are more dangerous than the disease for children, teens, and even most adults up to age 40.
Children do not need this vaccine mandated. Children are the least affected by the virus with a 99.7% of getting over the virus without issue. This should be a decision made by parents not government.
Kids DO NOT need vaccination against Covid. Stop using this experimental vaccine with our children who can be just fine without it. Stop mandates!
This covid mRNA shot is not effective, takes away rights over body sovereignty, doesn't stop the spread, doesn't stop from contracting covid, if boosters are now going to be required every 6 months then routine medical care is now the government's business which is NOT WITHIN THE GOVERNMENTS JURISDICTION. More children have had side effects/died from the vaccine than covid. 
Our body , our Choice ! We make the best informed decisions about our own health and our Children . There should NEVER be a mandate on any medical procedures!! We will Not Alllow this ! The animals have died in the experiments , I know of a young boy who now has inflammation of the heart that received the experiment at age 12 . Not Ok !! 
I think it's insane to subject these children to this vaccine! Who knows what it will do to their bodies in the long run!
I’m saying NO vaccine for any child under age 18 when they become old enough to choose on their own … NO to Covid vaccine !!
This shot going into the innocents arms is unacceptable. Politicians will be responsible if these sweet kids are harmed. Shame on all of you who would consider this mandate
This vaccine shouldn't be mandatory for anyone, especially kids! 
There is no reason to vaccinate children against a disease that has almost zero impact on them. The possibility of problems from an experimental mRNA injections far outweigh the potential risk from COVID. 
My child has natural immunity. This shot would cause more harm than good. Herd immunity, let our children have natural immunity. Please they are too young to put this poison in them.
Please do not force children to get the “vaccine” which has not been approved by the FDA. We all know it was just an EUA which was extended. Please don’t force our children to get the vaccine...they are innocent 
As a parent we should have the right to decide what happens to our children. 
Do not approve this covid vaccine.....you do not know the 3, 5, 7 year long term effects on this age group.
No one needs this. It is not a vaccine. It is just a money making ponzi scheme for elected officials, fauci and fda and cdc. Look at vaers data. People are dying and having severe reactions to this poison. We are tired of your lies and evil.
Children should NOT be forced to get a vaccine. The decision should rest solely with the parents in consultation with their family Dr!
Please vote no on injections for kids. Too many have been hurt by this injection. LEAVE THE KIDS ALONE.
Kids are not at risk from covid. Several studies show that. The risk of kids getting carditis is higher than dying fromCovid. The benefits don’t out weigh the risk.
ABSOLUTELY NO LONG TERM SAFETY TESTING AND YOU THINK ITS OK TO GIVE TO THE CHILDREN? No!!! This should be criminal 
Making vaccines mandatory for 5 to 11-year-olds when they are of little to no risk and while there are acceptable healthy effective treatments for a virus for this age group would be against current legislation rules on mandating vaccinations. Schools would also lose millions in funding as parents would be forced to pull their children from school. I oppose this
….please do not support this. Science does not support giving untested, unproven vaccines to children who have a 99.9973% survival rate for a sickness! Watch just once an episode at www.the highwire.com and the truth will set you free. We need a segment of society nearly immune to the virus to help slow down it’s ability or need to mutate. Thank you for your consideration,
plz let parents make there own decision on weather or not they should give this to their kids.
Children have a better chance of surviving Covid than the C-19 inoculation. It is causing myocarditis in Children! This is medical tyranny and it must be stopped.
Please do not mandate this vaccine for our children! 
This is un-American and unacceptable to force children to take an unproven, possible dangerous shot without their parents' consent. Is this North Korea? China? Stop this ridiculousness and end this tyranny.
Mandating vaccines for children ages 5-11 is unnecessary, unsubstantiated, and total government overreach. I strongly oppose and WILL NOT vaccinate my children. My children are not wards of the state and you have no constitutional right to dictate any medical requirements to them, or to anyone.
Forced vaccine are unconstitutional in adults let alone the kids. I will not allow my grand kids to get this experimental shot derived from aborted fetal cells. This is utter none sense 
Vaccines should not be mandated. This is coming from someone who is vaccinated, who had to get it to continue working at a place she loves. No one should have to be forced to leave their job because they don’t want to put something into their own body. This is America and mandates are not part of our culture. 
Due to all of the different illness caused by this gene therapy, I don't believe it should be given to Adults much less Children. Let the Children get the virus n treat them medically with Good Old Fashion Proven Medication n They as well as The Adults will be healed and Healthy in No Time. Stop This Gene Therapy!! It's contains no live or dead virus!
Children will have more possibility of having side effects from the vaccine than if they have covid. Where is our actual studies?
It is incredibly irresponsible and outright dangerous for you to approve the Covid shot for children. Children have almost no risk of serious illness or death from Covid and yet can get myocarditis from the shot. They risk benefit is insanely more risky. Clearly, you are a compromised regulatory agency that can’t be trusted. 
Kids have a 99.99999% survival rate to covid. There is absolutely no reason to endanger kids with this unnecessary and possibly dangerous medical procedure.
We do not believe it is safe to use a trial vaccine on children who may experience negative side effects, especially as children have a 99.98percent probability of no side effects from Covid. It is irresponsible to enforce a mandate on children with no recourse if they suffer damaging life long side effects from the vaccine and will not from the virus.
Vaccines shouldn’t be a mandate..it should be optional 
It is too soon to require this vaccine for children! Please hold off!
COVID-19 is very dangerous for elderly & immune compromised. Children have a very successful recovery rate. The risks of the vaccine do not out way the rewards. Please do not push this experimental drugs for children. 
No vaccine mandates and no to vaccines for children! This virus has a high survival rate and there are treatments if the could just be used! I am against all this control of our bodies! Stop this nonsense!
How does this help our students learning? People that have been vaxxed are currently dying from COVID, why would you inject our children in school to this disease? When will the plan stop?
I desperately hope & pray that you will NOT make Covid vaccinations mandated for any of our children. I believe this is unconstitutional government overreach for adults and for children, as well. 
Asking children 5 to 12 years old to take the COVID vaccine is completely absurd!! They are able to fight this virus on their own and will have very few symptoms. They have robust immune systems and are not at risk of developing serious effects of the virus. 
As living men and women, we have the God given right to choose whether to allow our bodies to accept the poison you promote/authorize/use in emergency only. 
Children are are not at-risk for severe covid disease and haven’t been known to be significant spreaders. In fact, this entire 18 month covid period has seen fewer childhood covid deaths than normal flu seasons. For this reason, and because long-term effects cannot be known, I strongly ask the FDA to reject approval for this vaccine for children. The benefits do not outweigh the risks.
Vaccines should not be mandated. It should be a choice of the people, if they want the vaccine or not. Especially when it comes to the covid vaccine. The children are the least effected by the virus. They should not be required to get this vaccine. 
“Covid 19 Vaccine kills more than it helps.”-FDA Do not approve 
Vaccinations and medical procedures should be solely up to the parents discernment, not required by a governmental agency. 
How about those who decide to mandate vaccination for children, start with their own and their grandchildren . Let them be the guinea pigs .If this moves forward and health consequences occur , those who approved and their families should be held accountable . Enough of this government get out of Jail free card . 
PLEASE LEAVE CHILDREN ALONE!!! They have less ACE2 receptors than adults and get over this easier than common cold! These are experimental and VAERS reports are THROUGH THE ROOF- with over 700,000 adverse reactions including death! THIS NEEDS TO STOP!
I will not comply with any Covid vaccine for my child.
With no long term data available, it is wrong to inoculate children against covid, when they have a 100% recovery rate under 9 and a 99.5% recovery rate under 50 in healthy individuals. I disaprove, I do not consent. It is morally and ethically wrong to conduct experiments on the public especially their healthy children. It is evil. God bless America.
It’s a God given right for parents to choose what is best for their children. There are too many unknowns about what this vaccine will do to our bodies in the long run, and we have no recourse for vaccine injury. Please let us make the decision on what we put into our children’s bodies, as God intended.
Children are not spreaders. They are resilient. Obesity should be checked.Check the statistics. #of deaths divided by total cases.
Please read the attached in regards to FDA risk-benefit analysis. These huge issues with the study need to be addressed and investigated before any potential approval. https://tobyrogers.substack.com/p/ten-red-flags-in-the-fdas-risk-benefit
The government whether federal or state has absolutely no right to tell us as parents what to do, it is not their job. It is the parents job. You need to step down from this cruelty you think you have the authority to do
For the sake of child safety the vaccine for children 5-11 should not be administered
It’s not right to make anyone get this Covid shot mandatory. We all need our own rights and this is not meeting in the middle. I say NO to mandatory Covid shot!!!!
I would NEVER give ANY child this Covid vaccine! No no no Covid vaccines for children!
By lying Fauci's own words "covid affects the elderly NOT the young. There is NO reason to waste vaccines on young children, unless you are trying to help BIG PHARMA earn more money, kickbacks maybe???
Freedom to choose what goes into our children should be the only decision you make!
Anybody forcing anyone unconstitutional medical procedures, ie the jab is guilty of an international war crime. You will be arrested .and executed.
I oppose this 100% the benefits do NOT outweigh the risks. The children are too young and their system is still developing.
This mRNA "vaccine" should not be approved for children or adults. It is killing, maming, sterilizing thousands of people all over the world. Our children are not at risk from dying from this virus..They do not need it. 
As a parent I know my children’s risk of covid 19 and the risk of the vaccine. I will never give my children this vaccine. They harm it will cause to children will be crimes against humanity!
This is overreach. This vaccine has not been on the market long enough to make mandatory for our children. Long term effects are still unknown. Parents should be allowed to make the best decision for their families. 
DO NOT AUTHORIZE THIS INJECTION FOR CHILDREN. 0.0007% fatality in all kids across America under 18 IS NO GROUNDS FOR AUTHORIZING.
In support of parent choice regarding vaccines for children. We still do not have enough evidence based data to warrant mandating these vaccines in children. The FDA has approved many harmful chemicals and ingredients in the past that have them been proven dangerous to children. Please check yourselves and your desire to control nature before doing so again. 
Why are you trying to mandate a vaccine and approve a vaccine for children who are the least affected by this virus? 
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
Stop vaccine mandates for age groups. The injury and death caused by covid vaccines far out way any benefit
There is no reason children should be vaccinated for COVID. The vaccines are not stopping patients from getting COVID or transmitting it. And the are dangerously unproven. 
No Covid 19 vaccines for any age kids , thank you ! 
To approve an experimental vaccine for young children to take for a virus that barely affects them is literally ridiculous. It makes it more and more obvious that this about submission and control and not health. 
Reject covid vax mandates for children 5-12! These are purely experimental with ZERO safety data. Please wait until more safety studies have been performed
Please do NOT approve the COVID vaccines to be administered to our children. The risk of possible adverse effects from the vaccine far outweighs any benefit to our children and the community as a whole. Please, please protect our children by NOT approving this vaccine.
These experimental shots should not be given to children. Adverse affects from the shot are being underreported and deaths from covid are being greatly exaggerated. When hospitals are given incentives for recording deaths as being due to covid that should raise a red flag.
It is against the freedoms my family has fought for to force medical vaccinations or treatment on any American!! Please stop this tyranny and allow people their God given choice to medical care.
I just don’t think this is a good idea for a portion of the population least effected by covid. Let’s consider past infection and not just vaccines. Also, if this is going to be approved, add these to the vaccine injury payout instead of keeping it as a countermeasure where people can’t get compensation for related injuries
No EUA for vaccinating children until indemnity is lifted and all ingredients of the vaccine are public. Clinical Study data is not due to be submitted until Oct of 2023. Furthermore, the vaccine(s) has not proven effective at stopping transmission or infection. Please reconsider 
I am opposed to vaccinations for children specifically 12 and under. This wrong.
I am strongly against the Covid 19 vaccine for kids. It's negligent to give vaccine to kids that show to be resilient to covid all together.
DO NOT ALLOW THIS DRUG TO BE INJECTED INTO OUR YOUNG CHILDREN! It has not been proven safe Nor does it save lives!!! 
There is no proof these vaccines prevent COVID. Stop trying to sterilize our children.
My husband and I want to urge you NOT to recommend the covid vaccine for children ages 5 to 11. As you know, young children are mostly immune to this disease and, of those who do get it, almost all get a very light case. Since the vaccine does have harmful side effects to many people, the risk of the vaccine to young children could be greater than the risk of having covid. 
Injecting children with mRNA biological agents on a broad basis would be one of the biggest mistakes we could possibly make related to this pandemic. There’s no gain here—all risk. Please stop this nonsense and remember your Hippocratic Oath: Primum non nocere.
Please. Do not do this. There is no data to show children benefit from the vaccine. It is too dangerous and young children are not at risk. I will fight this with everything I have. My children will not be given this shot!!!!
There is no justification for vaccinating children. None at all. Any parent that does not protest this practice needs to rethink their position. Children have almost a 100% survivor rate. It is especially offensive to try to vaccinate children without their parents consent. Children are the responsibility of the parents NOT the government. 
This is 100% unethical the inject children with this EUA mRNA therapy. There is ZERO long term research on the effects on children. It IS NOT a FDA approved product
I am not comfortable in the least about my grandchildren receiving an experimental medication. It has not been vetted nearly long enough and well enough, not to mention the risks of the vax far outweigh the risks of the virus to small children. It’s not the government’s role to remove this choice from parents.
PLEASE DO NOT MANDATE these experimental COVID vaccines!!!! Especially for children to go to school!! Kids are not in danger of the virus. The vaccine does not inhibit spread. Mandating the vaccine would be an extreme overreach of government control & inhibit freedom. 
Please! No approval for vaccines for children ages 5-11.When the trial period is over and the vaccine is proven safe, with no immediate or long term effects, then approve it, if Covid 19 is still an issue. Please do not subject children to an expiramental vaccine! 
Mandating COVID injections for children age 5-12 is utterly unnecessary. They seldom get the disease and almost never die from it. This is nothing but a further effort to line the pockets of those who have already made countless billions from this questionable vaccination protocol. 
Please do not mandate the Covid 19 vaccine for children. They have one of the highest survival rates out of all age groups.
— We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
Kids have strong immune systems and COVID is not a threat. The shot presents more of a risk than the virus which has not been isolated in a human.Stop this nonsense.
I 'AM OPPOSED TO VACCININE MANDATESTHIS IS NOT PROVIDING CHILDREN WITH HEALTH, THIS COULD CAUSE MANY SIDE EFFECTS, UNKNOWN TO US AT THIS TIME. IT WOULD BE PRUDENT TO WAIT!
Giving a vaccine that is not fully tested to a child that young is Nott a wise thing to do. The mortality rate among children is so low it does not make sense to do it. Please, do not move forward with the plan to give the Covid vaccine to young children.
Strongly opposed to children 5-11 being mandated for the Covid vaccine. 
Absolutely under NO circumstances should an experimental injection be given to children. Informed consent is impossible when ingredients are undisclosed and vaccine injuries and deaths are supressed. STOP THIS MADNESS
Children have died from the Covid vaccine in higher numbers than from the virus. I DO NOT support ths vaccine for anyone under the age of 12.
My comment is about the COVID vaccine. I strongly disagree with approving this vaccine for children 5 to 12. Children have a very very low risk of death by this virus and an extremely high risk of suffering an adverse reaction from these experimental vaccines. Please don’t do this to the children, for the love of God. 
I am against vaccine mandates for children ages 5-11 , this is in humane . It is against our constitutional rights ! 
I oppose vaccine mandates for children. Do not approve and mandate this shot, it’s a death se fence for children. 
I do not believe this Covid vaccine should be mandated for anyone from ages 1 to 100. It is a personal choice to be made privately and with your doctor - period.
i don't feel that this is safe yet to many deaths and reactions
We do not consent to the vaccination of our children . Get your hand off them . You have no legal standing to do this and we do not agree for our governments to do this. You spent outrageous amounts of money of this poison you go and put it into your own body not ours or our children 
We need some wisdomt o protect the childrenWe have no long term evidence of what will be with these Mrna therapy on growing and developing bodiesNo covid shots for the children
We know whats in that witches potion you call a vaccine, the center for poison control says this formula is unfit for human consumption, it is abuse and you will leave our kids and animals alone or suffer massive repercussions from the ppl of the world. 
Under NO circumstances should a vaccine be mandated for anyone, much less children. This entity does NOT prevent the illness or death and is not totally studied. It may lessen the symptoms but total effects are STILL NOT RECOGNIZED! This treatment should be VOLUNTARY ONLY! THIS IS SCIENCE NOT OPINION! 
We the people demand medical choice for ourselves and our children! Stop the tyranny. 
Young children should NOT get the covid vaccine. It has little to know effect on them. They loose there seance of smell and sometimes have a mild fever.
Please do not approve any COVID-19 vaccine for children. They are at such low risk if they catch COVID-19, the risk versus reward is not there.
I am a Registered Nurse and I am vehemently opposed to requiring the COVID 19 vaccine for anybody. Children should be excluded from any mandate. The benefit does not outweigh the risk for children. Where there is risk there must be choice! Please stop forcing us to be experimented on. 
Why are we mandating any vaxx to anyone at all without the proper testing and studies? This has all been rushed and it feels like no consideration has been given to side effects, natural immunity or even the actual lethalness of cvd. Forcing anyone to do anything, especially without proven safety and long term effects is a recipe for disaster. It should be a choice not a mandate.
This following message is from my 5-year-old to anyone who wants to give other 5-year-olds this injections: "Get away from me demon." 
I do not approve of any compelled vaccination by any means for any reason. 
SAVE OUR CHILDREN. SAVE OUR NATION. SAVE OUR FUTURE. VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As a RN who is working on my doctorate of nursing practice with over 10 years of nursing experience, I adamantly will refuse the vaccination for my child. The research has shown that those who receive the vaccination can still get infected AND pass it on to those in direct contact. This age group has a high survival rate and does not need the vaccination to survive a respiratory disease.
Our citizens, children and adults, should NEVER be forced to take a "vaccine" to compromise our FREEDOMS!!! I am firmly AGAINST any forceful push of this "vaccine" on ANYONE!!!
Do not mandate Covid 19 vaccinations for children aged five to twelve. The are not at the same risk of the disease as the elderly and the inherent risk of not taking the vaccine is less than the damage that could be done to them if they do take it
Vaccination mandates are an unnecessary risk for this age demographic. Natural exposure will generate immunity to this already extremely low risk group of children. Mandating a vaccine for a population that is largely unaffected by this virus seems extreme.
“Why do the protected need to be protected from the unprotected by forcing the unprotected to use the protection that didn’t protect the protected in the first place?
Please do not regulate nor mandate poison to our children
Absolutely unnecessary to mandate children ages 5-11 to get the vaccine when the death rate in that age group is something like .ooo9%. It's incredibly rare. Leave the children alone!!!!!!!
No to child vaccination. There is no study on the long term effects for children. This should not be done. 
Please do not inject children with this vaccine. Please know that their younger bodies can not handle the vaccines and that side effects can be deadly and traumatic for the family.
I am against the mandatory vaccination of children. It is unconstitutional and wrong. A child shouldn’t have a decision like this forced on them 
Stop damaging and killing children with this unnecessary, dangerous and deliberately democidal vaccine.
Children have over a 99% survival rate for Covid. Why in the world would you risk their health to a bio gene therapy medication that is being shown to have awful side effects in the 12-18 year range of child. This would be negligent on our part as parents to allow our children to be a part of this massive failed experiment. 
Do not mandate these. Do not suggest boosters. Do not force anyone to be vaccinated if they don’t want to especially children who have virtually no risk to the virus.
Not only is this unnecessary it’s unconstitutional!
I vehemently oppose a vaccine mandate for children
I do not believe there should be a mandate for any children…It is up to the parent to decide what is best for their children…
I firmly oppose Covid vaccine mandates for children. The risks outweigh the rewards. It is immoral to mandate a vaccine for children that has zero long term data, especially when the risk of hospitalization and death is so low. Please do not mandate child vaccinations. You will be met with much resistance and will create a new level of division in our deeply conflicted country. 
Vaccines are not to be experimental on our children.
Please vote to oppose the vaccine mandate as it is statistically not necessary for children 
There is no scientific reason for shots for young children who have a +99% chance of recovering with out any shots. This IS following the science; it you make a mandate for this group, it is only showing that you want to kill those that are mandated to get it!
We are opposed to children receiving the jab when this hasn’t been tested enough to see the results in our children. Please do not pass vaccination for children. 
I am really concerned for the safety of the children. Children have over a 99% chance of recuperating from Covid. The vaccination is still an experimental concoction. Children need us adults to protect them from harm. There’s much more of a chance of them being harmed by the vaccine than if they got Covid. 
DO NOT let anyone give our children the COVID shot!! It is not proven and I personally know people who got very sick and unexplained deaths. We know it is from the shot. They need someone on their side to protect them, PLEASE!
please do nor approve children to be vaxxed. you have enough blood ob your hands. children are less vulnerable to covid than they are to flu. and are not even speaders. 
It is far from ok to mandate young children to get this vaccine. We have no clue what long term implications there could be on their young developing bodies. This drug needs time in trial and testing first. 
No vaccine mandates for kids...this is a parents choice and the science does not support it.
I am opposed to vaccine for our children. Science shows that they have little risk regarding covid 19. Still much risk of unknown future effects in their bodies.
Do not endanger our children! No VAX Mandates! We will home school or move out of state. 
There is absolutely no reason to undermine a parents freedom to decide what is best for their child. Stop bullying the American people. Give the American people good sound facts and let each person decide for themselves and stop assuming Americans are not able! The only winners in this debate are the drug companies!
With all the questions about the safety of these experimental shots still unanswered it is unconscionable that they be mandated for anyone. This appears to be only about making money and not about health.
NO MANDETORY COVID-19 VACCINATIONS!!!!!!! CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY 
I strongly disagree with a mandate for the COVID-19 vaccine. It violates an individual's right to bodily autonomy and should be a choice, not mandatory. Words become violent when they demand instead of ask. This is a violent policy that will cause more harm than good. Leave people the right to control what goes into their and their children's bodies, it is not for you to decide. 
The risk benefit vaccine question is clear. ! Kids have almost zero risk of serious injury from COVID 19 !!! However the same can not be said for their risk of injury from the vaccines. There is no science to support this vaccination for children please do not endanger our children.
Do not make this mandatory for children. They are the healthiest ones and the least at risk for Covid. This is an overstep and our medical freedom of choice for OUR children needs to be kept intact. The risks here do NOT outweigh the rewards at all!!
Our children DO NOT need this vaccine. You have no idea on the side effects of it either. Protect our children. Natural immunity is 100 times better. 
Every study to date shows that under the age of 20 risks are almost zero. Plus an experimental vaccine should not be used on anyone under the age of 18 years old
Still wondering how EUA was granted for an age group with a statistical risk of zero from the virus? 
Absolutely no vaccine mandate for kids 5-12 years old. It is doing more harm than good to kids and they don’t need it!
No to Covid Vaccinations for kids 5-11!!!There is not enough evidence proving kids need this shot and this experiment should not be forced upon kids!
I am in total disagreement with this being passed. This vaccine has not been around long enough to know all of the long term effects. As a Grandmother I do not want this placed into my grandchildren. Because 20 years in the future we will hearing about the long term side effects.
I do not approve. You will be held accountable for your lies and corruption. Myocarditis is a serious concern. JUST STOP THE NONSENSE. 
Please do not push the CoVid vaccines on children. They are a very low risk population, statistically. This should not be a mandate.
You know this so called vaccine has not yet been approved and it's use is under false pretense! You are in violation of the Nuremberg code and lying to the American people about vaccines, testing, trials and results! 
I am in GRAVE OPPOSITION to approving this "vaccine" for children under the age of 12. Has the FDA or its members been paid by the pharmaceutical companies? What independent controlled studies are you using? Have you investigated every VAERS complaint? The answers are YES, NONE and NO. This must not happen, this need not happen. 
Please approve this vaccine for our children that desperately need the protection for themselves and their families. It will allow these kids to go back to a much more normal daily routine without the fear of MISC or transmitting the virus to family members. 
I STRONGLY oppose this vaccine for our children!!! 
Please do not authorize this injection for children who have a 0.0007% mortality rate. This is not what’s in the best interest for our children; our future. 
No vaccine mandates for children! This is ridiculous! 
No mandates until these experimental chemicals are fully tested and without side effects. One death to a EAU is too many. When the liability is on the shoulders of big pharma and not on the people. I will not accept any mandates. 
They are letting things get totally out of hand, parents should decided what is best for their children, this was once a free country and people’s could decision things for themselves , I sure miss that country!!! 
This isn’t a vaccine, people are getting sick with this shot. Children have immune system against this virus! Autism went up 70 % after injections, babies are being dis formed because of injections. This is crimes against humanity and Trump signed an executive order against this, God will hold you accountable no one is exempt from judgment day. This is a depopulation tool. 
I would prefer this vaccine be a decision made by parents to give to children as is the flu vaccine. The numbers for infection in children are minimal and symptoms are few if any. We should be promoting healthier options like vitamins and exercise. I am not anti vaccination. I want the freedom to choose what is best for my family. 
These vaccines should not be mandatory for adults or children. There are too many unknowns about potential health impacts. 
I urge to ask to not mandate the COVID vaccine for children. The vaccine did not undergo the required time and length to properly test and scientifically prove the pros and cons of the currently developed vaccine. We don’t have enough evidence if the vaccine is effective for children or harmful to kids . Please do not mandate. 
I am a CRNA with a BS in biology and a minor in chemistry, a four year nursing year degree and a Master's in anesthesia. i have been in health care since i was 18...and i am 49 now...I wholeheartedly disagree with this "injection " into anyone....especially children. 
Please do not vote to approve the covid vaccines for children. They are not safe and studies from overseas are showing they are not effective. The benefit does not outweigh the risks, and you all know that. This is all about money and power.
I am a mother of 4. I have the vaccine. I work with the public and thought I’m older it’s necessaryHowever, my girls are only 11 and 9 and I absolutely do not want to give them the vaccine.Too many unanswered question about the potential long term side effect and so on. My babies have t had babies yet! It is out choice to choose that fir out children not the government! Our children our choice
I will not be vaccinating my child with this. EVER. 
Please DO NOT allow covid vaccination for kids. This is killing them and harm them for life.Please save our kids!
There is no evidence to show that children would be less susceptible to the ill effects of covid-19 if they were to take one of the vaccine options on the market. I am a fully vaccinated guy but I find that even entertaining the idea of mandating vaccines for children at such a time to be unconscionable.
Do not mandate COVID vaccinations for children ages 5-12
I am vehemently opposed to mandating anything related to health care. That is between doctor and patient.It is freedom given to us by our creator to make health decisions for ourselves and our children. That is NOT the responsibility of government.If this is the direction you take I will not comply.
Your so called vaccination killed my father withen 2 days and my sister in 5. My little brother is in a coma 4 days after his jab. And there is no resolve. We cannot sue. So who's ass should I take to task for these crimes? 
Why do we need emergency authorization for children when the fatality percentage is lower than the flu. How does this make any sense? 
No to approval of child age Covid vaccines as there is not long term data to justify. This is our future generation. No to mandates as it is against the constitution of the US. Stop fear pandering and look at the actual data that kids are not the ones getting sick!! They have a 99.99% chance of survival if they get Covid 
This is a NONE approved vaccine which according to VAERS has thousands of deaths and adverse reactions NO for our children it is not safe!!!
YOU KNOW that the covid19 virus is 99.99% survivable, especially for children. So STOP IT WITH THE MANDATES. I haven't seen ANY illegal border crossers get the jab. If you were TRULY concerned for the People's and the Country's well being, you would vaccinate EVERY ONE OF THEM!!!
I believe that each one of us is a sovereign being and that we deserve to make the choices that are best for ourselves and our families. We know what you are attempting and we are here to say stop. Step down. Back away and quit causing harm. We are awake. We are aware. We do not comply. 
Do not allow this “vaccine” for children. Children are at low risk. Natural immunity is superior. It could harm in unknown ways. Stand for reason and SAY NO 
Healthy children are at virtually zero risk, and the fear of them spreading the virus saying they asymptomatically transmit the illness to others is contradicted by every study 
Keep your hands off of our children. This is an experimental treatment and our children are not guinea pigs!!
Absolutely appalling. I am in total disagreement with vaccinateing anyone under 18 or anyone who does not wish to get the covid 19 shot.
Please stop vaccinating children and young adults. 
Use common sense and DO NOT vaccinate those with such low risk using an untested vaccine
Please stop trying to force your poisons on our children. Everyone has a right to an education and agreeing with Newsoms tyrannical mandate will hurt our children, school districts and communities. I will be removing my children from public school if this goes through and possibly move out of state.
I am against this approval for our children especially when their age group isn’t at a high risk
The risk posed by COVID-19 to children is infinitesimally small. Mandating vaccination against it, particularly when that vaccine does not prevent transmission, is nonsensical and sets a dangerous precedent of bulldozing the process of informed consent and parental discretion in medical matters. Let the parents choose.
Covid has a over a 99% survival rate for most of the world's population. Children have very strong immune systems. This mandating of a vaccine is completely unnecessary. Please don't mandate it for our children. 
We call upon our government and the regulators not to repeat mistakes from history and to reject the calls to vaccinate children against COVID-19. Extreme caution has been exercised over many aspects of the pandemic, but surely now is the most important time to exercise true caution – we must not be the generation of adults that, through unnecessary haste and fear, risks the health of children.
I am completely against the vaccination of children of any age. There is insufficient data available to make a certain decision on the future of what this means for both our children and more importantly their children. The available evidence clearly shows that the risk versus benefit calculation does NOTsupport administering rushed and experimental COVID-19 vaccines to children,
No. Mandatory vaccinations for children, or any age for that matter, is a violation of rights to one’s personal and individual healthcare decisions. We oppose this. 
This vaccine requirement is against our constitutional rights. Our religious freedoms are at risk. Please stand up for our founding documents, and do not require this for adults or children. 
It is the height of insanity to vaccinate children who are more likely to die from a car accident than this disease. They are more likely to be injured from the vaccine than from the illness itself. Please do not approve this vaccine for kids, it has not had proper testing and it has not been studied long enough for the FDA to approve it especially for kids. 
Please no. These poor kids are already injected with so many vaccines as is. Children this age group have shown very low infections. Please leave their DNA alone.
Do not want you to mandate vaccines for 5 to 12 yr olds.
I strongly discourage your approval of any kind of mandate forcing parents to 'vaccinate' their children for Covid. There is no 'vaccine' against Covid. Besides this simplest common sense reason, there are plethora other reasons why this is a terrible idea. Please vote against for vaccinations for anyone but most especially vaccinations for children.
Thanks for working so hard for us all :). Please shut down approval for covid shots for babies, teens and any young. My neighbor is 23 she was so healthy and after moderna she is now in a wheelchair, in pain often, can’t think clearly. SOMETHING IS VERY WRONG with these new shots. The cdc now shows almost 9,000 deaths VEARS almost double that. Please, do the right thing, STOP THIS MADNESS. 
Please don't hurt our kids with this experimental vaccine which they really don't need. With such a small covid death rate in kids (smaller than flu), why FDA wants to approve the vaccine? If FDA approves it, I am sure Govt will make it mandatory for kids. Per VAERS database, there are so many people affected/died with COVID vaccine. Please stop this nonsense from pharma companies. 
Since kids 5 to 12 are not in serious danger of dying from Covid, I think it’s a bad idea to make this a requirement. It shouldn’t be forced on them. It should be up to their parents to figure out what they need, not the government.
Please do not make this vaccine available until it is properly tested and vetted over time.
Covid shot mandates are absolutely ridiculous for children. They are at low risk and it’s very rare that they would be hospitalized or die from it. We also need to protect their immune systems and take away the masks!
No mandates for this COVID vaccine for children. The shot has risks of serious injury and death in children and they are at least risk. There are no long term studies and this would be tragic if children began getting sick and dying in 3-5 years. This is NOT the same as other vaccines. 
I am absolutely 100% against the Covid vaccination for children. The risk far outweighs the benefit. There are way too many unknowns. Parents do not co parent with the government and should never feel forced to inject something so unknown into their child's body. Anyone mandating this should be ashamed of themselves! 
I am writing to request that you consider allowing any vaccine for Covid 19 to be given only by parental choice for all minors. Mandating or requiring this experimental vaccine/shot would actually be illegal and a crime against humanity. Please go against such a mandate and allow parental/custodial choice.
Stop these insane jabs for children. You are injuring our future generation. Please realize these MRNA jabs are only spreading this virus and NOT helping herd immunity which is spread naturally. This is artificial and is destroying our country!
Do not inject this poison I to our chindreb’s bodies. It s medically unnecessary and unethical to do so. Stop! 
Please do NOT mandate this for a population with almost zero percent risk!
In kids 5 to 11 years old, the survival rate for Covid is over 99%. No Covid vaccines are necessary for that age group. Money should not be the driving force behind jabbing everyone
I say NO to vaccinating any kids, teenagers, adults or grandparents! Our body our choice not yours!
There is nothing that warrants the removal of medical choice. We should all support the right to choose what we do and do not put into our bodies. This is freedom. This is America. No to mandated vaccines that have not been proven and have thousands of deaths already and negative effects. 
There is no Covid emergency among children. Only 4/100ths of one percent of covid deaths are attributed to children under the age of 18. We do not need to be mandating or even recommending a covid shot for children. 
None of these vaccines have been studied long term and no one can say they're safe. What happens in 6mo? 1 year? 2 years? What if they get exposed to another Corona, then what? Keep our children safe keep our elderly safe keep our disabled safe and ON:y use Long term studies before ever considering to make them available to the unknowing public who live in fear thanks to the media.
Please don’t do this, don’t require kid 5-12 be vaccinated! We don’t know the long-term repercussions of this. For the sake of our children please please don’t do this. Children are at such a low risk of contracting and spreading the virus it’s just unnecessary.
Stop the process to give children the vaccine. Let their immune system work like God planned. Not by putting chemicals into their body
I am Canadian and we are watching crimes against humanity all over the world. I am against mandatory vaccines for anyone, especially against covid 19 vaccines for children at any age. 
LISTEN to the thousands of doctors who are *opposing* the recommendation to make the Covid-19 MRNA vaccine available to children. This population is MOST SUSCEPTIBLE TO SIDE EFFECTS. You will have their pain and injury on your hands. They are not at risk for serious Covid infection, and you are playing with their lives if you allow them to receive this shot. Protect our next generation. 
Covid is NOT an emergency for our children. The benefits of these covid vaccines do NOT outweigh the risks. Our medical freedom and our children’s future is not for sale. This FDA and governing bodies should be ashamed of yourselves if approval is given for covid vaccine use in children. 
I don’t think that the small children should have to have a COVID vaccine! I do not think they know enough about the long term effects of this vaccine on small children. Also I feel the the parents should be the ones to choose to vaccinate there child , not the federal government.
Please do no harm to children and approve the COVID-19 vaccine for children. They are still building their immune systems and do not need this type of interference that I do not believe has been studied long enough to be safe for sure. 
As a mother of 3 I urge you not to mandate vaccines for children. There has not been enough time to test long term side effects. Especially in children. Fertility effects and potential carcinogens. How much testing has been done on children that have had and recovered the virus to know if they are at more risk for adverse effects. Again, NO to Covid vaccine requirements for children.
How can we out this in children’s bodies when we have no idea how safe it is?! These are developing bodies! The government already forces them to get too many vaccinations the way it is!
Please consider the evidence that children will not die from COVID-19! Our children do NOT need the vaccine. 
Are you really on a hunt for our children now? How poor can your intelligence be? How low can you go to intentionally hurt our babies? You act like if you didn't know about thousands of injured kids, and what's even more scarry, about all the people who died because of the vaccination!! You know it's illegal. How dare you?!
Children have more of a risk getting side effects from these covid vaccines than risks of dying from covid. Shame on you monsters. 
It is my god given right to not vaccinate my children against covid. I will not allow this poison to be put in my kids bodies! 
 A mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all. Assuredly I say unto you do this not. Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light. Better a milestone indeed 
The vaccine trials will not be complete for years and there are no long term studies on their effects. How could you impose this on children who have shown to do very well when the are infected
No mandates for covid vaccine in children! My children had covid and only had a very low fever for a day. The vaccine has potential to harm them when the virus did not. Children do not need a mandate as this virus does not affect them so severely as it does the elderly and sick. 
I have a 8 year old son , and I’m against of vaccination mandate, I don’t want my kid to be vaccinated and no one has right to mandate that , I’m the decision maker for my child’s health and I’m against it. We are leaving and a free country and only a parent has the right to make decisions regarding his/her child health 
Stop the madness and stop killing our children! We do not need this drug experiment on our children! Their chances of surviving Covid19 greatly out weigh the risks and side effects from this vaccine. DO NOT APPROVE! 
 I had the first Pfizer vaccine in March of 2021. Within days I had tightening in my chest and skipped heart beats. In addition I did not have a menstrual period for 3 months after the shot. I’ve since been treated for anxiety which I’ve never battled before in my life. I made the decision not to have the second shot. I’ve since had Covid and came through it fine thankfully. 
Allow families to decide whether or not to vaccinate their children. Allow our country to remain free.
Do not do this! Save our children! Vote no on Covid vaccine(shot) on the children of any age!! Little kids have natural immunity and you want to do this to them!! Vote No!!!
Please do not approve the mass Covid 19 vaccination of all of our American children ages 5-11: October 15, 2021 VAERS report shows818,042 adverse events connected to the Covid 19 injections. Children cannot give informed consent. 
No vaccine needed for Young children, who are the least likely age group to suffer death from COVID-19. 
This should not be mandated in children. Please do not do this. 
Children should not be guinea pigs for untested therapeutics, especially when they’re at virtually no risk from this virus. Grow a pair and stand up to Big Pharma.
Mass vaccination of our children without informed consent of the parents is a massive violation of human rights and NOT acceptable in the United States. I urge you to Vote NO to this action. I have lost too many relatives in the concentration camps to blindly accept this media-driven Government story line. 
This should be the parent's choice if their child gets this vaccine, not the government's! They need to stay OUT of our healthcare and stop trying to control our lives!! We live in a FREE country!!!!!!! 
A vaccine should not be mandatory if it is only a treatment and not a cure, especially not for a virus with a 99% survival rate. Other countries have banned it for children, why is it going to be mandated here?
These vaccines are not safe, please cancel the Emergency use of them, and do not expand the use to children!
The children are our future. They are not lab rats. Nothing is showing vaccinating children is necessary and in fact, has the potential for being disastrous. Please don't do this.
Please vote against approving this drug for ages 5-11! Children are at higher risk of adverse events from the vaccine than they are from getting the natural COVID-19 infection. 
Please oppose covid-19 vaccine for children 5-11. They are innocent! We see so many adverse reactions with vaccines that has been around for years. Oppose and do not mandate / force this on our children.
Please don’t mandate vaccinations for our children. They are NOT safe. This decision is not yours to make! Please allow the parents to decide if their child needs to be vaccinated because of an underlying condition. No healthy child should be forced to submit.
I don’t think kids should be getting a experimental drug.
I do not approve of child vaccines or the mandate for all businesses. This is a cease and desist to stop taking people's freedoms. The people of the country are no longer standing for this corruption and control we are prepared to fight back.
The use of this experimental product on children is unnecessary and criminal. The safety trials have not yet ended and the relative risk of Covid for this age group is minimal. To bring this product to market for children is incomprehensible, especially as long as the manufacturers are exempt from liability for injury or death to children.
I absolutely oppose the forced injection of covid-19. Trials on this vaccine are not complete and children are at very low risk for serious complications and will most likely end up with natural immunity which is much more effective.
Masks and vaccine on children under the age of 18 should be optional. You say your following the science, but data doesn’t lie. In states that are mask optional children’s deaths are no different than in states with children’s mask mandate states. 
Do need not vaccinate any children with this death shot .. it doesn’t work !! I know 2 people that got this shot fully vaccinated and ended up with covid and both died !! I have a friend whose daughter got the shot ( for Covid ) and now has myocarditis . You do not inject poison into children it is child abuse !! 
Human experimentation is immoral and irresponsible. In general, children are overwhelmingly unaffected by this virus. To incorporate them, into a study that has not proved efficacious, is a violation of their human rights as they are minors and unable to engage in or give consent to any contract. 
Please oppose vaccines for young children. They are at a very low risk of COVID and long-term effects of the vaccine on their health and development is not known yet.
why isn't anyone talking about natural immunity? Please protect our children and YOUR CHILDREN & GRAND CHILDREN!! DO NOT approve this vaccine for our kids!! More testing needs to be done!!!
The benefits of a covid vaccine do not outweigh the risks, especially the unknown long term risks in our children. We as adults are supposed to protect our children. Let’s do that.
DO NOT. ..I repeat, DO NOT allow these failed vaccines to be given to our children. It's bad enough that they are causing record numbers of adverse effects on adults and now major heart issues on young adults, but giving these to children is irresponsible and dangerous! DO NOT issue these shots to kids!
I would like to enter into the record my total disagreement with authoring an Emergency Use Authorization gene therapy shot for children. It is proven:They are not at risk..They are not non-symptomatic carriers. There are thousands of adverse results among adults incl deaths and permanent injury. Children should not take this gene-altering drug. 
The Covid-19 vaccines are the deadliest drugs ever in human history and have caused more injuries as well, per the VAERS reporting system. We should NEVER allow these vaccines to be used on children. 
Benefits do NOT outweigh the risks children experience with this vaccine.Why are we so hurriedly giving this to children when the risk incredibly low and myocarditis, to mention one devastating side effect, is so high? Quit using our children as experiments.Let's see the real data! 
Why does your board have ties to big pharma? Seems a bit unethical at the least. And why so much advertising etc, with this “vaccine” which is really an inoculation, if it’s all good and such? Never has there been so much PUSH for people to make a medical decision. Is the jab produced with aborted baby cells? You see the problem right? 
You are all Satanists and will be tried for crimes against humanity. Remember Nuremberg code..if you are not aware..look it up and the trials to see your fate. It has been sealed 
Research and science has shown that children are at a very minimal risk for death from covid. All medication comes with a risk of adverse reactions or worse and the benefit should outweigh the risk. This decision should be the parents as if has always been, not forced upon them to choose between a vaccination or an education. Please reconsider suggesting a mandate for children. 
I do not support the introduction any of Mandatory Vaccine for any children. Children impacted from COVID have slight symptoms. Also the adverse effects are more a risk than the virus itself. This takes always a parents right to choose and freedom for all. Leave our kids alone! 
Young children are not at high risk for Covid and should not be subjected to experimental treatment that has shown to have a very high Incidence of adverse effects according to VAERS.
Never has the FDA pushed through a vaccine so rapidly. Our children are not to be experimented on with this study. Is the FDA studying adverse effects on adolescents? Why not find treatments for those in high risk categories instead of pushing this on our nations’ children, who rarely affected seriously. 
Please do not approve this vaccine for 5-11 year olds. There is not a state of emergency for that age group. The number of participants in the study is too low and does not provide any data for long term adverse effects.
Dear FDA, Please do not mandate vaccinations for children. There is no reason scientifically or consciously ro make this decision. Thanks I you for your consideration 
This vaccine has not even been around 12 months and you want to mandate it on children? I am strongly supposed to this. It is not the government’s job to parent a child. This is against the constitution of the United States. 
I am against requiring a vaccine for school age children. Your title declares: "Vaccines and related biological products", but I think we all can assume this is Covid 19, and variants related. Please leave our children and grandchildren alone and let the family decide what is best for their health. Thank You! 
For the love of God, I'm begging nooooo vaccine mandates! My 19 year old nephew myocarditis and will never play sports again. Please no.
I am in support of mandating vaccinations of all children given the vaccines have had FULL FDA approval.
Forcing an unstudied medication on a human being of any age is against our human rights and should be held as a crime against humanity. 
Stop the vaccine for kids. Science has proven they are least at risk and are not super spreaders. Stop using children for your advancement. This is criminal. Our children deserve better!!!! 
please stop this madness! parents will be encouraged to vaccinate their children with an experimental drug, this will be a deliberate step, not a deliberate one. I'm against! 
Covid19 has a 99.7% survival rate it should not be mandatory...and it should be optional... 
We do not think it wise or scientifically astute to recommend or authorize children receiving the Covid 19 vaccine. Please visit The Dr. Artis Show.com 
Please do not force these experiments on our children, our future generations. I understand the trying times of the pandemic but I also know the history of such and the guidelines needed for testing. You work for us , the people of the Inited Stares, hear us plead!
Strongly opposed to vaccine mandates especially for children 5-18
Please vote not to MRNA injections for children 5 - 11. There have been more deaths or serious injury to children from the shot. With a 99.9% recovery rate this is obscene!
You’d have to be INSANE to use an untested inverted vaccination on children or anyone for that matter. But children? 
Do not force our children to take these dangerous, unproven drugs. We do not know what it will do to their bodies. You must wait until the phase 3 human trials end.
Perhaps the government is unaware that more children died from the flu last year that from COVID-19? Shame on you all for pushing this on children.
I believe it is criminal to even consider mandating covid vaccinations for children of any age group. Please stop the evil tyranny that has been going on way too long!
Please do not mandate the Covid vaccine. For anyone, but especially children. You know that children are not at high risk. You also know that those individuals that carry antibodies have a lower viral load and risk of transmission. I ha e personal experience with health issues post vaccine! This should absolutely be a personal choice. Do not be influenced by the power of big Pharm. 
I am 100% opposed to this vaccine being given EUA for 5-11 year olds! There is no emergency with covid for this age group. 
Our bodies should not be controlled by the government. Young, growing children should not forced to put something into their bodies that they, or their parents do not want. This is America. Freedom over our physical bodies and medical decisions is a very foundational, core freedom that is afforded to Americans and in a free country should always stand.
Please vote to oppose vaccine mandate for children. It is statistically not necessary. 
These children ages 5 to 11 do not need this experimental shot. We have no idea of the long term effects. Mandating the vax goes against the rights of we the people. The rights of the people are being violated over profits for a large corporation. Stop it!
I am opposed this untested, very unsafe product being approved for children ages 5-11. It should be pulled from the market for all immediately. 
The mandates for children must stop. It is an unknown. We don’t know what it might do to their bodies down the road. It is not worth the short term effectiveness of the vaccine. There are medicines to fight Covid but the government tries to hide it.
Vaccines should never be mandatory in a free Country. Vaccines for kids are more harmful than helpful.
PLEASE DO NOT MANDATE MY CHILDREN TO RECEIVE THE COVID 19 VACCINE. THIS HAS NOT BEEN PROVEN FOR ANY LENGTH OF TIME AND COULD DO SERIOUS HARM TO OUR CHILDREN 
Reference to FDA meeting on 10/26/21 public comment - docket number FDA-2021-N-1088. Please do not approve giving Children age 5 and up a Covid drug having no long term-safety data. More studies are needed and children are less likely to contract and pass on the virus. Covid is a virus not a disease that we are still learning about. Thank you
In no way should you mandate vaccines for kids 5-12. You are participating in crimes against humanity if you do so. Be human and do the right thing. Do not move forward with any mandates for our children!!! 
Do not allow this to pass. This is control!! This is money and power talking. May GOD'S will be done to those with evil hearts. Children do not need this shot. Stop this maddness..
Please STOP any consideration of vaccine Mandates for young children. There is entirely too little study of long term effects and there have been PLENTY of adverse effects already. For a virus with such a LOW mortality rate and especially in children the risks of this vaccine FAR outweigh the risks of the virus. You are putting our children at risk and I plead with you to stop this now!
This is NOT a vaccine.It is a Death sentence to ALL healthy children .Your Lies and Misinformation have caught up with you.Parents have more rights than a cabal of paid off doctors and a plandemic for political attacks on our FREEDOMS guaranteed in Our Constitution and Bill of Rights. 
To mandate a vaccine for our kids that has not been vetted properly is reckless, stupid and is abusive to kids. This is a parents decision and the government has no right to mandate it. This is absolute abuse of power and should not be allowed. 
Vaccinating children with these vaccines is absolutely unnecessary. Children are not major vectors for COVID-19. The vaccines do not stop transmission, so there isn’t a reason to inject children with a substance that does NOT have long term safety data. 
I DISAGREE WITH THE VACCINATION OF CHILDREN AGAINST COVID-19. AND I DO NOT APPROVE MANDATORY VACCINATION MANDATES. SUCCESSFUL TREATMENTS SUCCESSFUL, PROVEN BY HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF CLINICAL EXPERIENCES OF PHYSICIANS. NO TO VACCINATION